The 2012 Dutch Darts Masters was the fifth of five PDC European Tour events on the 2012 PDC Pro Tour. The tournament took place at the Van Der Valk Hotel in Nuland, Netherlands, from 26–28 October 2012. It featured a field of 64 players and £82,100 in prize money, with £15,000 going to the winner.
Simon Whitlock won his first European Tour title, defeating Paul Nicholson 6–1 in the final.
The 1948 Davis Cup was the 37th edition of the most important tournament between national teams in men's tennis. 25 teams entered the Europe Zone, and four teams entered the America Zone. Pakistan and Turkey made their first appearances in the competition.
Australia defeated Mexico in the America Zone final, and Czechoslovakia defeated Sweden in the Europe Zone final. Australia defeated Czechoslovakia in the Inter-Zonal play-off, but fell to defending champions the United States in the Challenge Round. The championship was played at the West Side Tennis Club in Forest Hills, New York, United States on 4–6 September.
Real Club Deportivo de La Coruña (lit. 'Royal Sporting Club of La Coruña'), commonly known as Deportivo La Coruña (pronounced [ðepoɾˈtiβo la koˈɾuɲa]), Deportivo or simply Dépor, is a professional football club based in the city of A Coruña, Galicia, Spain. They currently play in the Primera División RFEF – Group 1, the third tier of the football league pyramid in Spain.
Founded in 1906 as Club Deportivo de la Sala Calvet by Juan Parra Rois, Deportivo have won the league title once, in the 1999–2000 season, and finished as runner-up on five occasions. The club have also won the Spanish Cup twice (1994–95 and 2001–02), and three Spanish Super Cups. The Blue and Whites were a regular fixture in the top positions of La Liga for the best part of 20 years, from 1991 to 2010, finishing in the top half of the table in 16 out of 19 seasons, and are ranked 12th in the all-time La Liga table. As a result, the club was a regular participant in European competitions, playing in the UEFA Champions League for five consecutive seasons between 2000–01 and 2004–05, reaching the quarterfinals twice and reaching the semi-finals in the 2003–04 season.
Deportivo have played their home games at the 32,660-capacity Riazor since 1944, when the stadium was built. Their traditional home kit consists of blue and white striped shirts with blue shorts and socks. The club has a long-standing rivalry with Celta Vigo, and matches between the two sides are known as the Galician derby.
The War Graves Photographic Project original aim was to photograph every war grave, individual memorial, Ministry of Defence grave, and family memorial of serving military personnel from WWI to the present day. However, due to its popularity the project has now extended the remit to cover all nationalities and military conflicts and make these available within a searchable database. These memorials are all over the world where British, Commonwealth and other nations servicemen and women are buried or commemorated.
Until June 2016 the project was working as a joint venture with the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, and assisting The Office of Australian War Graves,and the Veterans Affairs Canada and the New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage this enables families, scholars and researchers to obtain, via the TWGPP website, copies of the photograph of a grave or memorial entry, which for many older people it is impossible to visit due to the location and ability to travel. This service has only been made possible through the efforts of a dedicated group of volunteers, from all walks of life, who feel the need to remember those that made the ultimate sacrifice and who realise the importance for families to see where their loved ones are laid to rest or commemorated. This emulates the Commonwealth War Graves Commission ethos to 'Remember in Perpetuity'.
In 2013 the Duke of Kent, President of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, awarded the project with a commendation which read:
The War Graves Photographic Project is hereby awarded the Presidents Commendation for an outstanding contribution to the work and aims of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission. The award will be presented to Mr Steve Rogers, Project Coordinator, on behalf of all volunteers.
The Projects volunteers have proactively taken photographs of over 1.5 million graves and memorial inscriptions in the Commissions care and continue to provide thousands of these photographs to members of the public each year, many of them next of kin unable to travel to visit the grave or memorial in person. Images have been provided to the Commission for use on our website and in verifying records against the commemoration in situ The Projects work has become a vital component of our ongoing efforts to serve the public and to commemorate the fallen.
For an outstanding practical contribution to the work of the commission the Presidents Commendation is awarded to The War Graves Project Volunteers.
The project has a website with a searchable database. Copies of archived photographs (currently around 1,836,379 as of 5 May 2016) can be obtained, for a nominal administration fee, on request to the project.
The site has become very popular so it is now including war and other service graves from conflicts earlier than 1914 and post World War II like Korea, Aden and the Falklands to name but a few. Submissions of images from anywhere in the world where military personnel were based or conflicts like the Anglo-South African War are now being welcomed.
With the 100th anniversary of World War I taking place between 2014 and 2018 the project hoped to provide many images to families and researchers seeking their war dead from this period. 2016 included the big centennial anniversaries like the numerous individual battles that made up 'The Somme'.  The likes of Delville Wood, High Wood, Pozieres, Thiepval and Ancre Heights to name but a few.
Tumar Aghaj (Persian: طوماراغاج, also Romanized as Ţūmār Āghāj; also known as Ţūmār Āqāj) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 374, in 73 families.
Yeongsinbong is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do, southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1,653 metres.
The LMS Scientific Research Laboratory  was set up following the formation of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway in 1923.
In 1929, the Company President, Lord Stamp read a paper Scientific Research in Transport to the Institute of  Transport, and, in 1930 he founded the Advisory Committee on Scientific Research for Railways.
The Scientific Research Laboratory was formed by the Vice-President and Director of Scientific Research, Sir Harold Hartley. Purpose-built accommodation was provided on the west side of London Road, Derby which opened in December 1935. The various paint and varnish laboratories were amalgamated and brought there, joining the textile research from Calvert Street and the metallurgy and general engineering research in the locomotive works. In addition the laboratory liaised with various university departments, its remit covering all areas of railway operation.
In 1936 an aerodynamics laboratory was formed, located in the locomotive works, using 1/24 scale models. It was involved in the design work for Stanier's Coronation locomotives, and went on to assess smoke deflectors, carriage ventilation and the effect of passing trains on structures and passengers in stations. This passed to the Derby College of Technology in 1960. The Rugby Testing Station was opened in 1948 as a joint venture with the LNER.
Work continued into the nationalised era, when a decision was made to concentrate various headquarters functions, particularly that of the Chief Mechanical and Electrical Engineer, in one national centre. This produced the Railway Technical Centre (RTC) on the opposite side of London Road, on a site which had formerly been part of the Way and Works sidings. Part of the RTC would be occupied by a new British Rail Research Division, reporting directly to the Board, under the Chief Civil Engineer's Department. This went on, in addition to its other work into all aspects of the railway, to design the experimental version of the Advanced Passenger Train (APT-E).  The Scientific Research Laboratory was renamed Hartley House, and formed the Scientific Services department of the Research Division.
Later, after British Rail privatisation and the sale of the Research Division to AEA Technology, the Scientific Services department was separately privatised to form the company "Scientifics Ltd".
Vivian Lee (born (1978-03-29)29 March 1978) is an Australian weightlifter, competing in the 48 kg category and representing Australia at international competitions. She competed at world championships, most recently at the 2011 World Weightlifting Championships.
Vitreolina is a genus of very small parasitic sea snails,  marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in  the Eulimidae family.This genus was first described by Monterosato in 1884. He proposed it as a section in the family Eulimidae for some of the Mediterranean species. It contains the small vitreous species without internal varices, 
The Reading Company Grain Elevator was built as a grain elevator in 1925 by the Reading Railroad in Center City Philadelphia to replace an elevator that had operated on the same spot since the Civil War.  The building was abandoned in the 1950s and refitted in the 1970, with the lower floor made into offices, the grain storage areas essentially untouched, and the upper levels made into penthouses.
The Tibetan Buddhist canon is a loosely defined list of sacred texts recognized by various sects of Tibetan Buddhism. In addition to sutrayana texts from Early Buddhist (mostly Sarvastivada) and Mahayana sources, the Tibetan canon includes tantric texts. The Tibetan Canon underwent a final compilation in the 14th century  by Buton Rinchen Drub (1290–1364).
The Tibetans did not have a formally arranged Mahayana canon and so devised their own scheme which divided texts into two broad categories:
Kangyur (Wylie: bka'-'gyur) or "Translated  Words or Vacana", consists of works supposed to have been said by the Buddha himself. All texts presumably have a Sanskrit original, although in many cases the Tibetan text was translated from Chinese or other languages.
Tengyur (Wylie: bstan-'gyur) or "Translated Treatises or Shastras", is the section to which were assigned commentaries, treatises and abhidharma works (both Mahayana and non-Mahayana). The Tengyur contains 3626 texts in 224 Volumes.
The Oakland Athletics all–time roster is a list of people who have played at least one game for the Oakland Athletics, Kansas City Athletics, or Philadelphia Athletics baseball teams of the American League, along with their primary position and years played for the team. It does not include players for the 1871–76 Philadelphia Athletics, the 1882–1890 Philadelphia Athletics, or the 1891 Philadelphia Athletics. The only Athletics player with no regular season appearances is Mark Kiger who only played for Oakland during two games in the 2006 American League Championship Series.
Names in bold are members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum.
A contact shot is a gunshot wound incurred while the muzzle of the firearm is in direct contact with the body at the moment of discharge. Contact shots are often the result of close range gunfights, suicide, or execution.
USS Manchester (LCS-14) is an  Independence-class littoral combat ship in the United States Navy. She is the second ship to be named for Manchester, New Hampshire.
Vintage Cellars (U.S) is a wine storage design and retail company that specializes in custom wine cellars.  The company was founded in 1990 by Gene Walder.  Vintage Cellars, which is located in San Marcos, California, is also a retailer of wine storage cabinets, wine racks, and wine cooling systems.  The company has designed and constructed wine cellars throughout the nation and is one of the longest-standing wine storage specialty businesses in the country. Though it began as a traditional brick and mortar business, the company now also does much of its business through its website.
Diane Ackerman (born October 7, 1948) is an American poet, essayist, and naturalist known for her wide-ranging curiosity and poetic explorations of the natural world.
Tony Peter Clement  (born January 27, 1961) is a Canadian former federal politician and former Member of Parliament for Parry Sound—Muskoka in Ontario. Before entering federal politics, Clement served as an Ontario cabinet minister, including as Minister of Health and Long-Term Care under premiers Mike Harris and Ernie Eves. In 2018 Clement  resigned from the Conservative caucus. He did not run as a candidate in the 2019 federal election.
Moving to federal politics, he was a candidate for the leadership of the Conservative Party of Canada after its formation from the merger of the Progressive Conservative and Canadian Alliance parties in 2003. He lost to Stephen Harper. Clement won the seat of Parry Sound—Muskoka in the 2006 federal election, defeating incumbent Liberal cabinet minister Andy Mitchell. The Conservatives formed government in that election and Clement was appointed Minister of Health and Minister for FedNor. He also later served as President of the Treasury Board. Clement was re-elected despite the Conservative defeat in the 2015 election. On July 12, 2016, he announced his second bid for the leadership of the Conservative Party but withdrew on October 13, 2016.From his initial election in 2006, Clement sat as a Conservative member until he resigned at the request of Conservative leader Andrew Scheer on November 7, 2018 due to a sexting scandal. He sat as an independent MP until the 2019 election, in which he did not seek re-election.
Michelanne Forster (born 1953) is a New Zealand playwright and scriptwriter who was born in California, USA. Her writing career began in the 1980s at Television New Zealand where she worked on the popular pre-school program Play School. Her plays have been performed both nationally and internationally and are often based on historical accounts. In 2011 Forster was the writer-in-residence at the Michael King Writer's Centre.
Robert William 'Robbie' Maddison (born 14 July 1981) is an Australian motorbike stunt performer. Nicknamed 'Maddo', he is from the town of Kiama, New South Wales.
The Fall of Math is the debut album by the instrumental post-rock band 65daysofstatic, released on September 20, 2004 through Monotreme. It contains what is arguably their most famous track, "Retreat! Retreat!".The album spawned two singles, both released after the album. While "Retreat! Retreat!" was a standard CD single release featuring two b-sides, "Hole" was released as a 7-track EP with a length of almost thirty minutes. Both tracks were accompanied by promotional videos.
The song "Aren't We All Running?" appeared in the initial trailer for the video game Binary Domain.
Chief Amodu Tijani Oluwa, also known as simply Amodu Tijani, was a Nigerian traditional chief. Coming to prominence in the high colonial period, he was a notable nationalist. He held the title of the Oluwa of Lagos.
In computer programming, an assignment statement sets and/or re-sets the value stored in the storage location(s) denoted by a variable name; in other words, it copies a value into the variable. In most imperative programming languages, the assignment statement (or expression) is a fundamental construct.
Today, the most commonly used notation for this operation is x = expr (originally Superplan 1949–51, popularized by Fortran 1957 and C). The second most commonly used notation is x := expr (originally ALGOL 1958, popularised by Pascal). Many other notations are also in use. In some languages, the symbol used is regarded as an operator (meaning that the assignment statement as a whole returns a value). Other languages define assignment as a statement (meaning that it cannot be used in an expression).
Assignments typically allow a variable to hold different values at different times during its life-span and scope. However, some languages (primarily strictly functional languages) do not allow that kind of "destructive" reassignment, as it might imply changes of non-local state. The purpose is to enforce referential transparency, i.e. functions that do not depend on the state of some variable(s), but produce the same results for a given set of parametric inputs at any point in time. Modern programs in other languages also often use similar strategies, although less strict, and only in certain parts, in order to reduce complexity, normally in conjunction with complementing methodologies such as data structuring, structured programming and object orientation.
Buyeo County (Buyeo-gun) is a county in South Chungcheong Province, South Korea. Buyeo-eup, the county's capital, was the site of the capital of Baekje from 538-660 AD, during which it was called Sabi Fortress.
Famous people associated with Buyeo County in more recent times include noted stem-cell researcher Hwang Woo-suk.
Patrick Finucane (5 December 1890 – 10 April 1984) was an Irish Clann na Talmhan politician who served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kerry North constituency from 1943 to 1969.He was first elected as a member of Clann na Talmhan TD for the Kerry North constituency at the 1943 general election, he was re-elected at the 1944 and 1948 general elections. He was elected as an Independent TD at the 1951 general election, he returned to Clann na Talmhan at the 1954 general election, but sat again as an independent from the 1957 general election until his retirement at the 1969 general election.
Patrick Macnee's Ghost Stories, also known as Ghost Stories, Ghost Stories: A Paranormal Insight, and Real Ghost Stories, was a series of six specials that were originally released from October 2, 1997 to October 7, 1997. The specials were hosted by Patrick Macnee (of TV's The Avengers and The Howling.) The six specials were released separately and together on VHS and in several boxed sets on DVD. The specials investigate various hauntings and is similar to the format of Unsolved Mysteries. The series include such explorations as the legends of The Black Hope Horror, The Tower of London, Harriet’s Ghost and many more.
Sphingonaepiopsis gurkoi, the Gurkoi hawkmoth, is a moth of the family Sphingidae. The species was first described by Tomáš Melichar and Michal Řezáč in 2013. It is found in Tajikistan where it has been recorded at elevations above 3,500 meters in mountain steppe areas. It is possibly also found in Mongolia.
The wingspan is about 38 mm. Adults resemble Sphingonaepiopsis kuldjaensis, but the forewings are grey brown and the lighter areas have a tinge of light orange. Both the basal and medial bands are dark brown. The hindwings are dirty grey orange to light yellow. Adults have been recorded on wing in July.
Huddersfield is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 1983 by Barry Sheerman of Labour Co-op.
Spathopria is an extinct genus of wasp currently comprising a single species Spathopria sayrevillensis.
Richmond "Richie" Champion (born December 16, 1992) is an American professional rodeo cowboy who specializes in bareback bronc riding and became the first bareback rider to earn $1 million at a single rodeo.
The 2005 Tampa Bay Buccaneers season was the franchise's 30th season in the National Football League the 8th playing their home games at Raymond James Stadium, and the 4th under head coach Jon Gruden. The season began with the team trying to improve on their 5–11 record in 2004; they made a complete reversal from last season by going 11-5. Cadillac Williams won Offensive Rookie of the Year. The Bucs would lose in the Wild Card playoff game at home to the Washington Redskins.
The Man Without Qualities (German: Der Mann ohne Eigenschaften; 1930–1943) is an unfinished modernist novel in three volumes and various drafts, by the Austrian writer Robert Musil.
The novel is a "story of ideas", which takes place in the time of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy's last days, and the plot often veers into allegorical digressions on a wide range of existential themes concerning humanity and feelings. It has a particular concern with the values of truth and opinion and how society organizes ideas about life and society, though the book is well over a thousand pages long in its entirety, and so no one single theme dominates.
Laura Hernández Guzmán (born September 21, 1958) is a Mexican psychologist and researcher at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). In addition, Hernández Guzmán is the editor-in-chief of the Mexican Journal of Psychology.
The Kemerovo State University (Russian: Ке́меровский госуда́рственный университе́т) (KemSU) was established in 1973 as a successor to Kemerovo Pedagogical Institute. It is a leading educational and scientific center of Kemerovo Oblast with five branches throughout the oblast in Belovo, Anzhero-Sudzhensk, Novokuznetsk, Prokopyevsk, as well as in Ulaanbaatar in Mongolia. The university is officially recognized by the Ministry of Science and Higher Education of the Russian Federation. Kemerovo State University offers courses and programs in a number of disciplines, including officially recognized higher education degrees such as bachelor's degrees, master's degrees, and doctoral degrees.
Annelinn (Estonian for "Anne's Town") is a neighbourhood of Tartu, Estonia, located on the left bank of Emajõgi River. It has a population of 27,755 (as of 31 December 2013), which makes 27,34% of the whole city. With an area of 5.40 km2 (2.08 sq mi). it is also the largest. Annelinn mainly consists of 5 and 9-storey Soviet apartment buildings. The project was made between 1969–1973 by Mart Port and Maie Meelak from "Eesti Projekt". It was originally planned to consist of four microdistricts but only two were finished. Annelinn is planned with the shape of amphitheater with ascending relief, and an imaginary centre located on the watermeadow of the Emajõgi River.
The Quest, sometimes referred to as Saturday Night at the Y or Three Groins in a Fountain, is an outdoor marble sculpture and fountain designed by Count Alexander von Svoboda, located in Portland, Oregon in the United States.  The sculpture, carved in Italy from a single 200-ton block of white Pentelic marble quarried in Greece, was commissioned by Georgia-Pacific in 1967 and installed in front of the Standard Insurance Center in 1970.  It depicts five nude figures, including three females, one male and one child. According to the artist, the subjects represent man's eternal search for brotherhood and enlightenment.
As of 1990, The Quest was considered Portland's largest single piece of white sculptured marble.  The abstract, figurative sculpture was surveyed by the Smithsonian Institution's "Save Outdoor Sculpture!" program in 1994 and underwent minor repairs.  It has received mixed reviews.  One critic appreciated how its flowing lines contrasted with the "stark" pillars of the adjacent building, and called the marble "impressive".  Another writer for The Oregonian wrote of her and others' dislike for the sculpture, saying it serves as a "free sex-education lesson" for schoolchildren.
Charles Lewis Owen (July 15, 1852 – September 20, 1926) was an American-born manufacturer and political figure in Ontario, Canada. He represented Northumberland East in the House of Commons of Canada from 1907 to 1911 as a Conservative.He was born in Oriskany, New York, the son of Welsh immigrants. In 1875, Owen married Mary Eliza Bain. Owen had been a manufacturer of woollens. He served as reeve and county warden, and was mayor of Campbellford in 1912. Owen also served as chairman of the board of education and president of the public library board. Owen was first elected to the House of Commons in a 1907 by-election held following the death of Edward Cochrane. He was reelected in 1908. Owen died in Campbellford at the age of 74.
"Flame Trees" is a song by Australian pub rock band Cold Chisel from their 1984 album Twentieth Century. One of their best known songs, it was written by drummer Steve Prestwich and keyboardist Don Walker. On its release it reached No. 26 on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart. It resurfaced in August 2011 due to download sales, peaking at No. 54 on the ARIA chart.
In January 2018, as part of Triple M's "Ozzest 100" of the 'most Australian' songs of all time, "Flame Trees" was ranked number 12.
Terra Deflorata was an album by Czesław Niemen released in 1989 and re-released in 1991 on CD as Extended Version.
Walter Piston's Concerto for Clarinet and Orchestra, was written in 1967. It was commissioned for the Hopkins Center Congregation of the Arts at Dartmouth College by its music director, Mario di Bonaventura, who conducted the world premiere  on August 6, 1967 at the Congregation of Arts Festival, with clarinetist Donald Wendlant and the Dartmouth Symphony Orchestra.
Polydontes acutangula is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Lalbagh Botanical Garden or shortened Lalbagh, is an old botanical garden in Bengaluru, India. First planned and laid out during the dalavaiship of Hyder Ali and later managed under numerous British Superintendents before Indian Independence. It was responsible for the introduction and propagation of numerous ornamental plants as well as those of economic value. It also served a social function as a park and recreational space, with a central glass house dating from 1890 which was used for flower shows. In modern times it hosts two flower shows coinciding with the week of Republic Day (26 January) and Independence Day (15 August). As an urban green space along with Cubbon Park, it is also home to numerous wild species of birds and other wildlife. The garden also has a lake adjoining a large rock on which a watchtower had been constructed during the reign of Kempegowda II.
Sam Bass (July 21, 1851 ‒ July 21, 1878) was a 19th-century American train robber and outlaw, who died as a result of wounds sustained in a gun battle with Texas Rangers. Notoriously, he was part of a gang that robbed a train of $60,000 (equivalent to $1.5 million in 2020).
The Alton line is a railway line in Hampshire and Surrey, England, operated by South Western Railway as a relatively long branch of the South West Main Line.
The branch leaves the main line at Pirbright Junction to the west of Brookwood station, Surrey, then turns to the southwest. The route crosses and recrosses the Surrey / Hampshire border, and serves the towns of Aldershot and Farnham before reaching its present-day terminus at Alton in East Hampshire. The line originally continued west to Winchester; the section between Alton and New Alresford is preserved as the heritage Watercress line.
The Alton line was electrified (750 V DC third rail) during the late interwar years by Southern Railway. Aside from regular electric trains, freight trains operated by EWS and steam trains connected to the Mid Hants Watercress Railway (by way of rolling stock supply or special excursion) operate on the line.
Barak is a village in the Bayat District of Çorum Province in Turkey.
Clinanthus is a genus of bulbous plants in the family Amaryllidaceae, found in western South America, from Ecuador to north west Argentina.Species include:
Oxythrips is a genus of insects belonging to the family Thripidae.The species of this genus are found in Europe, Central Asia and Northern America.Species:
The Sumatran frogmouth (Batrachostomus poliolophus), also known as the short-tailed frogmouth and the pale-faced frogmouth, is a nocturnal bird belonging to the family Podargidae. It is endemic to the island of Sumatra in Indonesia.
Triaenodes phalacris is an extinct species of species caddisfly in the family Leptoceridae. It was endemic to the United States.
R v Chaytor and others [2010] UKSC 52 was a 2010 judgment of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom. The case concerned the trials of three former Members of Parliament for false accounting in relation to the Parliamentary expenses scandal of 2009.
During their trials, the three MPs (David Chaytor, Elliot Morley and Jim Devine) had each separately argued unsuccessfully that there was no case to answer as expenses claims were covered by the doctrine of Parliamentary privilege and could not be the basis of criminal charges. They appealed (along with Lord Hanningfield) to the Court of Appeal where three of the most senior judges in that court (Lord Judge LCJ, Lord Neuberger MR and Sir Anthony May – the President of the Queen's Bench Division) had dismissed their arguments.
The MPs (although not Lord Hanningfield) successfully applied to the Supreme Court for permission to appeal the decision. The Supreme Court, comprising nine judges to reflect the importance of the matter, heard arguments over two days in October 2010 before unanimously rejecting the submission that Parliamentary privilege under either the common law or the Bill of Rights 1689 protected the defendants from prosecution.As a consequence, each case was referred back to the Crown Court. Chaytor and Morley pleaded guilty to dishonesty offences and Devine was found guilty at trial. Each received sentences of between 16 and 18 months imprisonment in relation to their expenses claims.
Erik-Jan van den Boogaard (born 19 August 1964) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a striker.
The Trapp Family (also known as the von Trapp Family) were a singing group formed from the family of former Austrian naval commander Georg von Trapp. The family achieved fame in their original singing career in their native Austria during the interwar period. They also performed in the United States before emigrating there permanently to escape the deteriorating situation in Austria during World War II. In the United States, they became well known as the "Trapp Family Singers" until they ceased to perform as a unit in 1957. The family's story later served as the basis for a memoir, two German films, and Rodgers and Hammerstein's Broadway musical The Sound of Music. The last surviving of the original seven Trapp children, Maria Franziska, died in 2014 at the age of 99.
Monsterhearts is a role-playing game about "the messy lives of teenage monsters", developed from Apocalypse World. It is known for its handling of sexuality and LGBT content. It has been nominated or shortlisted for five awards.
Steven's Croft is a wood-fired power station near Lockerbie in Scotland. It started energy production in 2008. It is operated by E.ON and is the largest biomass power station in the UK. It produces 44 MW of electricity, and burns 60% waste from timber production, 20% coppiced wood, and 20% recycled fibre. It claims to save 140,000 tonnes of greenhouse gases a year. It uses 480,000 tonnes of fuel per year to produce 126 MW of thermal energy, and the boiler is optimised to run at 537 °C and 13.7 megapascals (137 bars) of pressure. Aqueous wastes are dispersed using a wetland filtering system.
José Pedro Montero (1 August 1878 – 1 June 1927) was President of Paraguay from 1919 to 1920.
Advanced Destroyer Simulator is a naval-based video game, published by Futura Games for the Amiga, Atari ST, Amstrad CPC, and MS-DOS in 1990. Players are able to maneuver and carry out a variety of ship functions manually. The player faces various types of enemy ships and aircraft.
Mutatocoptops borneensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1968. It is known from Borneo.
Van Williams (born December 5, 1966) is an American drummer, best known as the former drummer of Nevermore. Van Williams hails from New York where he began his music career in various bands, later relocating to Seattle, Washington in 1993. After auditioning for the band Nevermore (ex Sanctuary) they were soon signed onto Century Media Records. He used to play drums for Ashes of Ares and Armageddon, and he currently drums for Ghost Ship Octavius and musical project Pure Sweet Hell.
Williams continued to play with Nevermore until 2011 when he announced along with Jeff Loomis that he was leaving the band. Also a graphic artist/illustrator, Van has created the logos and numerous T-shirt designs for Nevermore and his other band project Pure Sweet Hell which features Van singing main vocals as well as drums. Pure Sweet Hell also features long time friends and fellow musicians Chris Eichhorn (guitars and bass) and Jim Colson (also supplying vocals). The new Pure Sweet Hell album will feature guitar solos from a few of heavy metal's top shredders, including Glen Drover (Eidolon, Megadeth) Steve Smyth (Nevermore, Testament, Forbidden), Chris Amott (Arch Enemy), Jeff Loomis (Nevermore) and Attila Voros (Leander, Nevermore). John Winters (Hatefist), also who contributed in the production/engineering of the record. On June 26, 2012, former Iced Earth vocalist Matt Barlow announced on his Facebook page the creation of a new band named Ashes of Ares with former Iced Earth bassist Freddie Vidales and former Nevermore drummer Van Williams, posting on YouTube two one-minute teaser videos. Shortly afterward, Van Williams was also announced as the drummer of Ghost Ship Octavius, featuring former God Forbid guitarist Matt Wicklund and vocalist Adōn Fanion. Ghost Ship Octavius released their debut album on March 23, 2015.
Mohammed Marwan Ba'aseery (Arabic: محمد مروان بعاصيري) (born 16 August 1980), known as Iwan (Arabic: إيوان) is a Lebanese singer. He started his musical career as a songwriter by composing music for other artists. In 2003, Iwan started his own solo singer, enjoying widespread success in the Middle East and introduced Iwan to the Arabic public as a talented singer. He has released three albums: the debut Alby Sahran (2004) and Erga' Leya (2007) and Ya 100 Nawart (2017).
Chinnaraviryala is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Telangana, India. It falls under Hayathnagar mandal.
Gmina Bobrowice is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. Its seat is the village of Bobrowice, which lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Krosno Odrzańskie and 29 km (18 mi) west of Zielona Góra.
The gmina covers an area of 185.05 square kilometres (71.4 sq mi), and as of 2019 its total population is 3,205.
Belvedere Towers  is a station of Rapid Metro Gurgaon opened in November 2013.The station has been named after mobile service provider Vodafone under corporate branding of stations.
The naming rights 'Vodafone' removed in early 2019 and now it is called Belvedere Towers metro station
The 2010–11 season is the 108th season in Bradford City A.F.C.'s history, their 96th in the Football League and 98th in the league system of English football. Their 14th-place finish in 2009–10 means this season will be their fourth successive season in League Two.
This article covers a period from 1 July 2010 to 30 June 2011.
They began their season with a defeat away at Shrewsbury Town. They then provided a shock during the League cup beating Championship side Nottingham Forest. They marked their first home league game of the season with a win over Stevenage F.C. The season then continued to be disappointing, eventually resulting in manager Peter Taylor leaving the club, with Peter Jackson taking charge as interim manager. The situation did not improve however, as the club slipped to its lowest league finish for many years. They ended the season with a 5 – 1 home defeat to Crewe. Interim manager Peter Jackson subsequently decided on a retained list, with 9 players released.
The Liberal Party of Switzerland (German: Liberale Partei der Schweiz, French: Parti liberal suisse, Italian: Partito Liberale Svizzero, Romansh: Partida liberala svizra) was a political party in Switzerland with economically liberal policies. It was known as a party of the upper class. On 1 January 2009 it merged with the larger Free Democratic Party (FDP/PRD) to establish FDP.The Liberals.
It was strongest in the Protestant cantons in Romandy, particularly in the cantons of Geneva, Vaud and Neuchâtel. In contrast, the ideologically similar FDP was successful nationwide. The Liberal Party was a member of Liberal International.
Antsahabe is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Antsohihy, which is a part of Sofia Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 11,000 in 2001 commune census.Only primary schooling is available. Farming and raising livestock provides employment for 40% and 20% of the working population.  The most important crop is rice, while another important product is raffia palm. Services provide employment for 2% of the population. Additionally fishing employs 38% of the population.
Kamila Żuk (born 18 November 1997) is a Polish biathlete. She competed at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
The Diagnosis: Murder film series  (1992–1993, 2002) is a series of five television films that aired as part of the CBS television series Diagnosis: Murder.
Alvan (Persian: الوان, also Romanized as Alvān) is a village in Daran Rural District, in the Central District of Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 24 families.
Abu Shenan-e Sofla (Persian: ابوشنان سفلي, also Romanized as Abū Shenān-e Soflá; also known as Abū Shenān, Abū Shenān-e Pā’īn, and Bū Shenān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Azadeh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 10 families.
Agrias aedon, the Aedon agrias, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in the Neotropical realm.
The Professional Rapid Online Chess League (PRO Chess League and abbreviated PCL) is an online rapid chess league operated by chess.com. It was preceded by the United States Chess League, which announced in 2016 that it would be renamed, reformatted, and opened to cities from around the world, and moved to the website chess.com.In its inaugural season, the PCL comprised 48 teams, whose members included some of the highest-rated chess players in the world, including the reigning world champion Magnus Carlsen, and other elite players including Maxime Vachier-Lagrave, Hikaru Nakamura, and Wesley So plus over 100 other grandmasters. The 48 teams represent cities in five continents.
Swiftcurrent Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.The glacier is on the east (Glacier County) side of the Continental Divide arête known as the Garden Wall. Swiftcurrent Glacier is one of several glaciers that are being monitored to determine stream flow alterations that occur due to glacial retreat.  Compared to other glaciers in Glacier National Park, Swiftcurrent Glacier has experienced relatively slow retreat. As of 2005, the glacier had an area of 55 acres (0.22 km2), a 14 percent reduction since 1966.
Maharlika Charity Foundation, Inc. (MCFI) is a Davao, Philippines based charitable organization.
The charity is located at the Maharlika Center, at J.P. Cabaguio Avenue, Davao City.
The Maharlika Charity Foundation was founded in May 1973 to provide free surgical services to the poor and the needy.
ISTAR stands for intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition, and reconnaissance. In its macroscopic sense, ISTAR is a practice that links several battlefield functions together to assist a combat force in employing its sensors and managing the information they gather.
Information is collected on the battlefield through systematic observation by deployed soldiers and a variety of electronic sensors.  Surveillance, target acquisition and reconnaissance are methods of obtaining this information.  The information is then passed to intelligence personnel for analysis, and then to the commander and their staff for the formulation of battle plans. Intelligence is processed information that is relevant and contributes to an understanding of the ground, and of enemy dispositions and intents. Intelligence failures can happen, however.ISTAR is the process of integrating the intelligence process with surveillance, target acquisition and reconnaissance tasks in order to improve a commander's situational awareness and consequently their decision making.  The inclusion of the "I" is important as it recognizes the importance of taking the information from all the sensors and processing it into useful knowledge.
a unit or sub unit with ISTAR as a task (e.g.: an ISTAR squadron)
Pinchbeck is a village and civil parish in the  South Holland district of Lincolnshire, England. The civil parish population was 5,153 at the 2001 census, increasing to 5,455 at the 2011 census.   It is situated 2 miles (3.2 km) north from the centre of Spalding.
The name Pinchbeck is derived from either the Old English pinc+bece (Minnow Stream) or pinca+bece (Finch Ridge). A family long associated with the area took its name from the village, one member of which was Christopher Pinchbeck, a watchmaker responsible for the invention of the Pinchbeck alloy, which was once used for imitating gold in cheap jewellery.The Anglican village church is dedicated to Saint Mary, and is over 1,000 years old. It has a wide nave with mid-12th-century arches, and a 15th-century single hammer-beam roof supported by large gilded angels carrying the heraldic escutcheons of the Pinchbeck family. The chancel is by restorer Herbert Butterfield.Village schools are Pinchbeck East C of E School Primary School and Pinchbeck West St Bartholomew's C of E Primary School.
The Macy–Colby House is a historically significant saltbox house at 257 Main Street in Amesbury, Massachusetts.  It is a historic house museum and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2008.  In addition to its great age, it is notable for its association with Thomas Macy, an early settler of Nantucket and the subject of a poem by John Greenleaf Whittier, and for its long association with the locally significant Colby family.
Noni Salma formerly known as Habeeb babtunde Lawal is a Nigerian transgender film-maker, writer and avid film enthusiast. She transitioned in the United States when she traveled to pursue a degree in film at the New York Film Academy. Noni Salma currently lives in New York and is an art history professor at Virginia Commonwealth University.
Mill Creek Mountain is a continuous mountain ridge that runs northeast through Hampshire and Hardy counties in the Eastern Panhandle region of the U.S. state of West Virginia. Rising to its greatest elevation of 2,650 feet (808 m) at High Knob, Mill Creek is a folded mountain ridge, belonging to the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians. Mill Creek Mountain forms the western edge of the South Branch Potomac River Valley and is named for Mill Creek that carves through it at Mechanicsburg Gap allowing the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) to pass through as well. Along with Sawmill Ridge (1,716 feet/523 m), Mill Creek Mountain forms the Trough along the South Branch.
Hanging Rocks at Wappocomo, south of Springfield, are located on the northern edge of the gap in Mill Creek Mountain formed by the South Branch.
Acacia buxifolia, commonly known as box-leaf wattle, is shrub species that is endemic to eastern Australia.
Hippocrateaceae Juss. previously consisted of about 150 tropical and subtropical species of shrubs and lianes, and is now included in the family Celastraceae. Formerly it comprised the following genera:
Hashimoto's encephalopathy, also known as steroid-responsive encephalopathy associated with autoimmune thyroiditis (SREAT), is a neurological condition characterized by encephalopathy, thyroid autoimmunity, and good clinical response to corticosteroids. It is associated with Hashimoto's thyroiditis, and was first described in 1966. It is sometimes referred to as a neuroendocrine disorder, although the condition's relationship to the endocrine system is widely disputed.  It is recognized as a rare disease by the NIH Genetic and Rare Diseases Information Center.Up to 2005, almost 200 case reports of this disease were published. Between 1990 and 2000, 43 cases were published. Since that time, research has expanded and numerous cases are being reported by scientists around the world, suggesting that this rare condition is likely to have been significantly undiagnosed in the past. Over 100 scientific articles on Hashimoto's encephalopathy were published between 2000 and 2013.
ROU 26 Vanguardia is a Piast class salvage and marine research vessel in service with the Uruguayan Navy. The ship was laid down for the East German Navy in 1976, before being acquired by the German government after the Reunification of Germany. The ship was purchased by the Republic of Uruguay in 1991 and renamed Vanguardia. .
Wham! (briefly known in the US as Wham! U.K.) were  an English pop duo formed in Bushey in 1981. The duo consisted of George Michael and Andrew Ridgeley. They became one of the most commercially successful pop acts of the 1980s, selling more than 30 million certified records worldwide from 1982 to 1986.Influenced by funk and soul music and presenting themselves as disaffected youth, Wham!'s 1983 debut album Fantastic addressed the United Kingdom's unemployment problem and teen angst over adulthood. Their second studio album Make It Big in 1984 was a worldwide pop smash hit, charting at number one in both the UK and the United States. Associated with the MTV-driven Second British Invasion of the US, the singles from the album—"Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go", "Everything She Wants" and "Careless Whisper"—all topped the US Billboard Hot 100. In 1985, Wham! made a highly publicised 10-day visit to China, the first by a Western pop group. The event was seen as a major watershed moment in increasing friendly bilateral relations between China and the West.In 1986, Wham! broke up. Michael was keen to create music targeted at a more sophisticated adult market rather than the duo's primarily teenage audience. Before going their separate ways, a farewell single "The Edge of Heaven", and a greatest-hits album titled The Final would be forthcoming, along with a farewell concert entitled The Final.
Travelling Salesman is a 2012 intellectual thriller film about four mathematicians who solve the P versus NP problem, one of the most challenging mathematical problems in history. The title refers to the travelling salesman problem, an optimization problem that acts like a key to solving other mathematical problems that are difficult. It has been proven that a quick travelling salesman algorithm, if one exists, could be converted into quick algorithms for many other difficult tasks, such as factoring large numbers. Since many cryptographic schemes rely on the difficulty of factoring integers to protect their data, a quick solution would enable access to encrypted private data like personal correspondence, bank accounts and, possibly, government secrets.
The story was written and directed by Timothy Lanzone and premiered at the International House in Philadelphia on June 16, 2012.  After screenings in eight countries, spanning four continents, including screenings at the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Cambridge,  the film was released globally on September 10, 2013.
The parish of St. John's Episcopal Church, Hartford, Connecticut, was formed in 1841.  Its first building, designed by Henry Austin (architect), was constructed on Main Street just south of the Wadsworth Atheneum in 1842.  The parish left Hartford in 1907 and is now St. John's Episcopal Church (West Hartford, Connecticut).
Fiersviridae is a family of positive-strand RNA viruses which infect prokaryotes. Bacteria serve as the natural host. They are small viruses with linear, positive-sense, single-stranded RNA genomes that encode four proteins. All phages of this family require bacterial pili to attach to and infect cells. The family has 185 genera, most discovered by metagenomics. In 2020, the family was renamed from Leviviridae to its current name.
LA-26 is a constituency of Azad Kashmir Legislative Assembly which is currently represented by the Syed Ifthikhar Gillani of Pakistan Muslim League (N). It covers the area of Muzaffarabad city in Muzaffarabad District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
Grigore Brişcu (1884 in Bârlad – 1965 in Bucharest) was a Romanian engineer and inventor.
La Gonterie-Boulouneix  (French pronunciation: ​[la ɡɔ̃tʁi bulunɛks]; Occitan: La Gontariá e Bolonés) is a former commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune Brantôme en Périgord.
Breaker is the third studio album by Christian metalcore band For Today, released on August 31, 2010.
The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Defence (SCOD) is a department related standing committee (DRSC) of selected members of parliament, constituted by the Parliament of India, for the purpose of legislative oversight of the defence policies and decision making of the Ministry of Defence (MOD). It is one of the 24 DRSCs that have been mandated with the onerous task of ministry specific oversight.
The committee consists of thirty one members: twenty one elected from the Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament, and not more than ten members from the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament. The term of office of the members is one year and they are elected yearly from their respective houses according to the principle of proportional representation by means of single transferable vote. The chairperson is appointed by the Lok Sabha speaker.  A minister is not eligible to become a member of the committee and a member must relinquish their seat if they become a Minister.The committee currently is headed by MP Kalraj Mishra, succeeding MP Maj Gen BC Khanduri (Retd.).
Kailash Colony  is a Delhi Metro station in Delhi. It is located between Moolchand and Nehru Place stations on the Violet Line. The station was opened with the first section of the Line on 3 October 2010, in time for the Commonwealth Games opening ceremony on the same day.
Alexander John "Sandy" Mackenzie (born 29 August 1941) is a former Australian politician. He was born in Melbourne and educated at Geelong Grammar School and the University of New England. He became an agricultural scientist, and then principal of the Orange Agricultural College. In 1975, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the National Country Party member for Calare. He held the seat until 1983, when he was defeated by Labor's David Simmons.
Evgeny Ketov (born January 17, 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He currently plays for SKA Saint Petersburg in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Ketov made his KHL debut playing with HC Lada Togliatti during the inaugural 2008–09 KHL season.
Bakersfield is an unincorporated community in Pecos County, Texas, United States. According to the Handbook of Texas, the dispersed community had an estimated population of 30 in 2000.
The Raduga Kh-15 or RKV-15 (Russian: Х-15; NATO: AS-16 "Kickback"; GRAU:) is a Russian hypersonic aero-ballistic missile carried by the Tupolev Tu-22M and other bombers. Originally a standoff nuclear air-to-ground missile similar to the U.S. Air Force's AGM-69 SRAM, versions with conventional warheads have been developed.
As of early 2019, it was uncertain whether the Kh-15 was in service, with rumors that it had been retired or placed in storage.
Lilla Mary Vanston  (16 May 1870 – 23 March 1959) was an Irish sculptor and portrait painter.
Liberty Street was a Canadian drama television series, which aired on CBC Television in 1995. An ensemble cast drama, it centred on the tenants of an apartment building in Toronto, Ontario.
Produced by Kit Hood and Linda Schuyler, the team behind the long-running Degrassi series of television shows, Liberty Street was an attempt to create a similar series depicting the lives of a group of young adults living on their own for the first time.
The Savoyan League (French: Ligue savoisienne, Arpitan: Liga de la Savouè) was  a regionalist and populist political party based in Savoy, France.Founded in 1995, the party supported the independence of Savoy from France and the unification of the two departments of Savoy, named Savoie and Haute-Savoie, which have belonged to France since the Treaty of Turin in 1860. Formerly a member of the European Free Alliance, the party was generally pro-European in outlook, while lying on the right of the political spectrum. The League co-operated with the Savoy Region Movement, which does not support independence but rather federalism and Savoyard autonomism.
In the 1998 regional elections, the League won 5.39% in Savoy (4.42% in Savoie and 6.05% in Haute-Savoie) and therefore won a seat in the Rhône-Alpes Regional Council. It did not participate in the 2004 regional elections.
At the party's 17th Congress on 21 October 2012, the Savoyan League suspended its activities.
Powhatan is a historic home located near Five Forks, James City County, Virginia. The house was designed by its owner Richard Taliaferro (c. 1705–1779) and built about 1750.  It is a two-story, five bay by two bay Georgian style brick dwelling.  It has a hipped roof with dormers and features two massive interior end T-shaped chimneys. The house was gutted by fire during the American Civil War.  It was thoroughly restored in 1948.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
Harden Thomas Martin House is a historic home located at Greensboro, Guilford County, North Carolina. It was built in 1909, and is a 2 1/2-story, double pile, Colonial Revival style frame dwelling.  It consists of a main block with shallow, gable-roofed projections; two one-story, hip-roofed rear wings; and a porte-cochere. The front facade features a bowed, two-story portico supported by four fluted Ionic order columns with large terra cotta capitals.  Also on the property are two contributing frame outbuildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Thou Swell is a ballet created by New York City Ballet's balletmaster-in-chief Peter Martins to the songs of Richard Rodgers in an arrangement by Glen Kelly with orchestrations Don Sebesky. 
The music is performed by an on stage trio and two singers. During the course of the ballet one of the male dancers (Nilas Martins in the original cast) "sits in" at the piano. The premiere took place on 22 January 2003 at the New York State Theater, Lincoln Center, with scenery by Robin Wagner, costumes by Julius Lumsden, supervised by Holly Hynes, and lighting by Mark Stanley.
Prime Ministerial Task Group on Emissions Trading was a Task Group set up on 10 December 2006 by Australian Prime Minister John Howard to develop an Australian Carbon Trading Scheme. The terms of reference of the task group was:
Australia enjoys major competitive advantages through the possession of large reserves of fossil fuels and uranium. In assessing Australia’s further contribution to reducing greenhouse gas emissions, these advantages must be preserved.Against this background the Task Group will be asked to advise on the nature and design of a workable global emissions trading system in which Australia would be able to participate. The Task Group will advise and report on additional steps that might be taken, in Australia, consistent with the goal of establishing such a system.The Prime Ministerial Task Group submitted its final report on 31 May 2007. The scheme proposed by the Task Group had some similarities to the "hybrid scheme" developed by Warwick McKibbin.
Prime Minister John Howard announced on 4 June 2007 the government's plan for a carbon trading scheme to be launched in 2012. Howard took the draft carbon trading scheme to the 2007 federal election.
Hong Kong Girl Guides Association (Chinese: 香港女童軍總會) is the sole Guide organisation in Hong Kong. It was formally established in 1919 though the first Girl Guides Company was formed in 1916. The association became a full member of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts in 1978. It serves 55,145 members.
The 1921 Birmingham–Southern Panthers football team was an American football team that represented Birmingham–Southern College as an independent during the 1921 college football season. In their third season under head coach Charles H. Brown, the team compiled a 4–4–1 record.
A Bull of the Crusade (Latin: bulla cruciata, Spanish: Bula de la santa Cruzada, Portuguese: Bula da Santa Cruzada) was a papal bull that granted indulgences to those who took part in the crusades against Muslims, pagans or sometimes heretics. These indulgences were similar to those that, as far back as the 11th century, had been granted to the faithful of the Spanish Mark who took part in building churches and monasteries, or who gave alms to be devoted to this purpose.
The first of these Crusade Bulls that concerned Spain was that of Pope Urban II, to the Catalan counts Ramon Berenguer III of Barcelona and Ermengol IV of Urgell in 1089 at the time of the reconquest of Tarragona, and that of Gelasius II to Alfonso I of Aragon, when he undertook to reconquer Zaragoza in 1118. In 1197, Celestine III issued Cum auctores et factores, the first such bull bestowed on Portugal, granting indulgences to those who fought the excommunicated Alfonso IX of León for having allied himself with the Almohads. Clement IV in 1265 issued a general Bull for the whole of Spain, when the Kings of Aragon and Castile joined in the expedition against Murcia. In the course of time these pontifical concessions became more and more frequent; in the reign of the Catholic Monarchs alone they were granted in 1478, 1479, 1481, 1482, 1485, 1494, 1503 and 1505, and were continued during the following reigns, that granted by Gregory XIII in 1573 being renewed by his successors.
The alms given by the faithful in response to this bull, which were at first used exclusively for carrying on the war against the 'infidel' Moors, were afterwards used for the construction and repair of churches and other pious works; sometimes they were also used to defray expenses of the State. The Cortes (estates assembly) of Valladolid of 1523 and that of Madrid of 1592 petitioned that this money should not be used for any other purpose than that for which it had originally been intended by the donors, but, notwithstanding the provisions made by Philip III of Spain in compliance with this request, the abuse already mentioned continued. After 1847 the funds derived from this source were devoted to the endowment of churches and the clergy, this disposition being ratified by a law in 1849 and in the Concordat of 1851.
In virtue of the concessions granted by this bull, the faithful of the Spanish dominions who had fulfilled the necessary conditions could gain the plenary indulgence, granted to those who fought for the reconquest of the Holy Land and to those who went to Rome in the year of Jubilee, provided they went to confession and received Holy Communion. They were also absolved twice of sins and censures reserved to the Holy See and the ordinary, except open heresy—and others concerning ecclesiastics, to have vows that could not be fulfilled without difficulty commuted by their confessor—unless failure to fulfill them would be to the disadvantage of another; also simple vows of perpetual chastity, of religious profession and of pilgrimage to the Holy Land. Those who visited five churches or altars, or the same altar five times, and prayed for the intentions of the Crusade, could gain the indulgences granted to those who visited the stations in Rome. The Bull also permitted the faithful of the Spanish dominions to eat meat on all the days of Lent and other days of fast and abstinence, except Ash Wednesday, the Fridays of Lent, the last four days of Holy Week and the vigils of the feasts of the Nativity, Pentecost, the Assumption and Saints Peter and Paul.
Eum-u (음우, 陰友) (?-271) was the Prime Minister of Goguryeo during the reigns of Kings Jungcheon and Seocheon.
Curt Warburton (born 1981) is an English mixed martial artist from Coundon, County Durham. He formerly trained at Wolfslair MMA Academy in Liverpool, England.
"The Garden of Eden" is a song written and composed by Dennise Haas Norwood, and first recorded by Joe Valino, which reached Number 12 on the Billboard chart in October 1956.
Valino recorded the song at his second session for Vik Records, a subsidiary of RCA. "I knew it would be a hit, even as I was recording it," he told Wayne Jancik in The Billboard Book of One-Hit Wonders.In the UK the most popular version was recorded by the singer Frankie Vaughan, and gave him his first No. 1 hit in the United Kingdom in early 1957. The song first entered the UK Singles Chart on 11 January 1957, spent four weeks at the top, and 13 weeks in the charts all together.Other versions of the song have also been recorded by Dick James, Gary Miller, and Paul Raven.
The arrondissement of La Châtre is an arrondissement of France in the Indre department in the Centre-Val de Loire region. It has 51 communes. Its population is 28,433 (2016), and its area is 1,204.2 km2 (464.9 sq mi).
Olga Ševcova (née Ivanova; born 26 November 1992) is a Latvian footballer who plays as a forward for ÍBV of the Úrvalsdeild kvenna and the Latvia women's national team. She has been named the Latvian Footballer of the Year on five occasions. Ševcova has played for clubs based in Lithuania, Estonia and Iceland, as well as in her native Latvia.
Richard D. Buckley (September 21, 1858 – December 12, 1929) was a Major League Baseball player. He played from 1888 to 1895.
Matthew 8:12 is the twelfth verse of the eighth chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament. This verse is part of the conclusion to the miracle story of healing the centurion's servant, the second of a series of miracles in Matthew. This verse warns that many Jews are lacking in faith after praising the Gentile Centurion in the previous verse for his.
In predicate logic, universal instantiation (UI; also called universal specification or universal elimination, and sometimes confused with dictum de omni) is a valid rule of inference from a truth about each member of a class of individuals to the truth about a particular individual of that class. It is generally given as a quantification rule for the universal quantifier but it can also be encoded in an axiom schema. It is one of the basic principles used in quantification theory.
Example: "All dogs are mammals. Fido is a dog. Therefore Fido is a mammal."
  for every formula A and every term a, where 
   is the result of substituting a for each free occurrence of x in A. 
from ⊢ ∀x A infer ⊢ A{x↦a}.Irving Copi noted that universal instantiation "...follows from variants of rules for 'natural deduction', which were devised independently  by Gerhard Gentzen and Stanisław Jaśkowski in 1934."
The 2011–12 Washington State Cougars men's basketball team represented Washington State University during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team played its home games on Jack Friel Court at Beasley Coliseum in Pullman, Washington and are members of the Pac-12 Conference. They were led by third year head coach Ken Bone. They finished with the record of 19–18 overall, 7–11 in Pac-12 play. They lost in the first round of the Pac-12 Basketball Tournament to Oregon State . They were invited to the 2012 College Basketball Invitational where they advanced to the best of three finals series, falling to Pittsburgh 2 games to 1.
Sodium-dependent phosphate transporter 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SLC20A1 gene.Retrovirus receptors allow infection of human and murine cells by various retroviruses. The receptors that have been identified at the molecular level include CD4 (MIM 186940) for human immunodeficiency virus, Rec1 for murine ecotropic virus, and GLVR1 for gibbon ape leukemia virus (see MIM 182090). These 3 proteins show no homology to one another at the DNA or protein level. GLVR1 is a sodium-dependent phosphate symporter.[supplied by OMIM]
In Praise of Blood: The Crimes of the Rwandan Patriotic Front is a 2018 non-fiction book by Canadian journalist Judi Rever and published by Random House of Canada; it has also been translated into Dutch and French. The book describes alleged war crimes by the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), Rwanda's ruling political party, during its ascent to power in the 1990s.
Although many of the events described in Rever's book were already known to historians, the book is controversial. Praised for thorough investigation at considerable personal risk to the author, the book was also criticized for sensationalism and relying on unreliable sources.  According to historian Gerald Caplan, the book "had an immediate, destabilizing influence on the world of orthodox Rwandan scholarship". Rever argues that, in addition to the Rwandan genocide by Hutus against Tutsis, the war crimes against Hutus by the Tutsi-led RPF should also be labeled "genocide", an opinion that differed from existing historical narratives.
Joseph Henry Kibbey (March 4, 1853 – June 14, 1924) was an American attorney who served as Associate Justice of the Arizona Territorial Supreme Court from 1889 to 1893 and Governor of Arizona Territory from 1905 to 1909.  His legal career is most remembered for his efforts in the area of water law, his key legal contributions being the "Kibbey Decision", a legal ruling establishing the principle that "water belongs to the land", and creation of the legal framework for the Salt River Valley Water User's Association, a model for federal water projects in the American West.  As governor, Kibbey was a leader in the effort to prevent Arizona and New Mexico territories from being combined into a single U.S. state.
1-(Furan-2-yl)undecan-1-ol is an uncharged lipophilic degradation product of the surfactant ProteasMAX.
The M1940 helmet was the primary combat helmet used by the Armed Forces of Portugal, from the 1940s to the late 1960s. The M1940-63 and the M1940-63 Paratrooper are improved versions of the M1940 helmet that were introduced in the 1960s and are still in limited use. Besides being used by the Armed Forces, the M1940 and the M1940-63 helmets were also used by the Portuguese Security Forces, including the Public Security Police and the National Republican Guard (GNR). This helmet was largely replaced by the PASGT in the early 1990s.
"Lost in Your Love" is a song by English producer Redlight. The track was released as a digital download in the United Kingdom on 5 August 2012, where it debuted at No. 5 on the UK Singles Chart, making it Redlight's highest-charting single to date. The song features the vocals of Baby Sol and Lottie Tricity.
Oleispira antarctica is a hydrocarbonoclastic marine bacterium, the type species in its genus. It is psychrophilic, aerobic and Gram-negative, with polar flagellum. Its genome has been sequenced and from this information, it has been recognized as a potentially important organism capable of oil degradation in the deep sea.
Pasiphilodes is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae first described by Warren in 1895.
Viktor Petkov is a former Bulgarian soccer head coach who had stints in the USISL Pro League, and the Canadian Professional Soccer League.
The Folsom South Canal is an aqueduct in Northern California in the United States. The canal diverts water from the American River at Nimbus Dam in Sacramento County and travels about 26.7 miles (43.0 km) in a southerly direction, terminating near Clay, about 10 miles (16 km) northeast of Lodi. The canal is operated by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, as part of the Auburn-Folsom South Unit of the Central Valley Project. It is contracted for irrigation, industrial and municipal water supply; formerly it provided cooling water for the Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station. It is also connected to the Mokelumne Aqueduct, which provides a large portion of the San Francisco Bay Area's water supply.The trapezoidal concrete canal has an average bottom width of 34 feet (10 m), an average depth of 17.8 feet (5.4 m), and a capacity of 3,500 cubic feet per second (99 m3/s). Although it was originally planned to be 69 miles (111 km) long, extending into San Joaquin County, there are currently no plans to construct the remaining sections.Construction of the canal began on July 28, 1952, with the excavation of the diversion inlet channel at Nimbus Dam, then also under construction. However, work on the main section of the canal was not begun for almost 20 years. In 1970 and 1971 the Bureau of Reclamation awarded three contracts for Folsom South Canal construction to Syblon-Reid Company, Gordon H. Ball Inc., and Western Contracting Company for a total of $25,556,469. The first water delivery was on June 27, 1973, and the canal was completed by the end of 1973.The canal provides water to about 7,000 acres (2,800 ha) of farmland, with $12 million in annual revenue. In 1991, water deliveries excluding irrigation amounted to 39,000-acre-foot (48,000,000 m3).The Folsom South Canal Trail, a paved hiking/biking path, runs the entire length of the canal.
Hyperlais squamosa is a species of moth in the family Crambidae described by George Hampson in 1913. It is found in South Africa.
Martín Almagro Gorbea (born 5 January 1946 in Barcelona) is a Spanish prehistorian.
He is a professor in prehistory, Ph.D. in history by the "Universidad Complutense de Madrid" with extraordinary prize.Amalgro Gorbea was elected to medalla nº 11 of the Real Academia de la Historia on 17 February 1995 and he took up his seat on 17 November 1996. Perpetual keeper of antiquities of the Real Academia de la Historia.
In 1998 he became the Director of the National Archaeological Museum succeeding María del Carmen Pérez Díe.
Majoring in  the early history of the Iberian Peninsula and Western Europe, Tartessos, Iberian and Celtic, Ethnogenesis, process of acculturation, Museology, Excavations and Cultural Heritage.
In mathematics, subadditivity is a property of a function that states, roughly, that evaluating the function for the sum of two elements of the domain always returns something less than or equal to the sum of the function's values at each element. There are numerous examples of subadditive functions in various areas of mathematics, particularly norms and square roots. Additive maps are special cases of subadditive functions.
Walter Kaner (May 5, 1920 – June 26, 2005) was an American journalist, radio personality and philanthropist.
He broadcast using the name Tokyo Mose during and after World War II. Kaner broadcast on U.S. Army Radio, at first to offer comic rejoinders to the propaganda broadcasts of Tokyo Rose and then as a parody to entertain U.S. troops abroad. In U.S.-occupied Japan, his "Moshi, Moshi Ano-ne" jingle was sung to the tune of "London Bridge is Falling Down" and became so popular with Japanese children and GIs that the U.S. military’s Stars and Stripes newspaper called it "the Japanese occupation theme song." In 1946, Elsa Maxwell referred to Kaner as "the breath of home to unknown thousands of our young men when they were lonely." Back in the United States he was a stand-in for Ed Sullivan on television. Kaner was a former columnist for the Long Island Press, N.Y. Daily News and Western Queens Gazette. He was also the chairman of the board and founder of the Walter Kaner Children’s Foundation, which was to benefit disadvantaged children. He was married for 50 years to Billie Elliot Kaner until her death on September 29, 2004. Kaner died at his Port Washington, New York home on June 26, 2005.
The dainty fat mouse (Steatomys cuppedius) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
It is found in Benin, Burkina Faso, Mali, Niger, Nigeria, and Senegal.
Rank comparison chart of non-commissioned officers and other personnel for navies of African states.
The 2019 Internet blackout in Iran was a week-long total shutdown of Internet. It was ordered by Supreme National Security Council and imposed by the Ministry of ICT. The blackout was one of the Iranian government's efforts to suppress 2019 protests. During the blackout, Iranian citizens could only access the National Information Network. Mohammad-Javad Jahromi was sanctioned by the United States Department of the Treasury because of his role in Internet censorship in Iran.
The women's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay event at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 13–14 August at the Beijing National Aquatics Center in Beijing, China.For the first time since the event's inception in 1996, the Aussies smashed a new world record to overhaul the undefeated Americans for an Olympic title with a benefit of a sterling opening leg from Stephanie Rice. Starting the program's longest relay race with a remarkable Oceanian-record split of 1:56.60, Rice and her teammates Bronte Barratt (1:56.58), Kylie Palmer (1:55.22), and Linda Mackenzie (1:55.91) registered a gold-medal time of 7:44.31 to shave nearly six seconds off the previous world record set by their greatest rivals in 2007.China's Pang Jiaying expanded her stretch over U.S. swimmer Katie Hoff with an anchor of 1:54.39 to deliver the foursome of Yang Yu (1:56.79), Zhu Qianwei (1:56.64), and Tan Miao (1:58.11) a superb Asian record time of 7:45.93, and a silver medal for the host nation. After a disappointing Olympic campaign, the U.S. team of  Allison Schmitt (1:57.71), Natalie Coughlin (1:57.19), Caroline Burckle (1:56.70), and Hoff (1:54.73) finally found the best form on the blazing anchor leg to end the race for the bronze in 7:46.33, finishing nearly four seconds under the old world record.Italy's Renata Spagnolo (1:58.31), Alessia Filippi (1:56.68), Flavia Zoccari (1:59.80), and Federica Pellegrini (1:54.97) missed out the podium by over three seconds with a fourth-place time and a European record of 7:49.76. Meanwhile, the French quartet of Coralie Balmy (1:56.57), Ophélie-Cyrielle Étienne (1:57.95), Aurore Mongel (1:58.62), and Camille Muffat (1:57.52) occupied the fifth spot in 7:50.66. Earlier in the prelims, Muffat (1:57.32), Balmy (1:55.86), Céline Couderc (1:58.92), and Alena Popchanka (1:58.27), previously competed for Belarus in three Games, established a new Olympic record of 7:50.37 to close the session with a final top seed. Hungary (7:55.53), Japan (7:57.56), and Sweden (7:59.83) rounded out the field. For the first time in Olympic history, all eight teams finished the race under eight minutes due to the presence of technology suits.
Jeffery Michael Gordon (born August 4, 1971) is an American former professional stock car racing driver,  who is the Vice Chairman for Hendrick Motorsports. He raced full-time from 1993 to 2015, driving the No. 24 Chevrolet for Hendrick Motorsports in the former NASCAR Winston Cup Series and Sprint Cup Series (now called NASCAR Cup Series), and also served as a substitute driver for Dale Earnhardt Jr. in the No. 88 Chevrolet for Hendrick Motorsports in select races during the 2016 season. He is regarded as one of the most influential drivers in NASCAR history, helping the sport reach mainstream popularity.
Gordon started his professional racing career in the Busch Series with Hugh Connerty Racing, followed by Bill Davis Racing, winning three races, and began racing full-time in the NASCAR Winston Cup Series for Hendrick Motorsports in 1993. He is a four-time Cup Series champion, having won the title in 1995, 1997, 1998, and 2001. He was the youngest driver to win a NASCAR title, being 24 years old by the end of the 1995 season. He also won the Daytona 500 three times in 1997, 1999, and 2005. Gordon has completed three career Grand Slams and has won a total of sixteen Crown Jewel races (three Daytona 500s, four Talladega 500s, three Coca-Cola 600s, and six Southern 500s), both of which are all-time records.
He is third on the all-time Cup wins list with 93 career wins, while having the record for the most wins in NASCAR's modern era (1972–present) and the most wins in one modern era season, with 13 during the 1998 NASCAR Winston Cup Series. Gordon's 81 pole positions led all active drivers and is third all-time, and also a modern era record; Gordon won at least one pole in 23 consecutive seasons, making this a NASCAR record. Other records include the most restrictor plate track wins with 12 and the most road course wins with 9, and he was the active "iron man" leader for consecutive races participated in with 797 through the 2015 season.In 1998, NASCAR named Gordon to its 50 Greatest Drivers list. Ten years later in a 2008 article, ESPN's Terry Blount ranked him 10th in the 25 Greatest Drivers of All-Time. Foxsports.com named him as the fifth best NASCAR driver of all time. He was inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame in 2019. As of 2016, Gordon was considered the highest-paid NASCAR driver ever and the 18th highest-paid athlete of all-time with $515 million in career earnings, per Forbes.Gordon, along with Rick Hendrick, co-owns the No. 48 Chevrolet previously driven by Jimmie Johnson, who won seven Cup championships from 2006 to 2010, 2013, and in 2016. Gordon also has an equity stake in the No. 24 team. Gordon also owned a Busch Series team between 1999 and 2000, Gordon/Evernham Motorsports (co-owned with Ray Evernham; later solely owned as JG Motorsports), winning twice.
Ésforta Arena Hachiōji is an arena in Hachioji, Tokyo, Japan. It is the home arena of the Tokyo Hachioji Bee Trains of the B.League, Japan's professional basketball league.
Haven B. Howe House is a historic home located at Claytor Lake State Park, near Dublin, Pulaski County, Virginia. It was built between 1876 and 1879, and is a two-story, brick dwelling with Italianate style detailing. It has a rear brick ell and projecting one-story bays on both end walls. It features ornamental wrought iron porch supports.  Also on the property are three contributing limestone mounting blocks. The property, located on Claytor Lake, was conveyed to the Virginia Conservation Commission in 1947.  The house is used as a Nature Exhibit Center that focuses on the lake's wildlife habitat.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
Bellamy and Hardy were an architectural practice in Lincoln, England, that specialised particularly in the design of public buildings and non-conformist chapels. Pearson Bellamy had established his own architectural practice by 1845 and he entered into a partnership with James Spence Hardy in June 1853. Both partners had previously worked for the Lincoln architect William Adams Nicholson. Hardy was described as "Chief Clerk" to Nicholson. Hardy joined Pearson Bellamy immediately after the sudden death of Nicholson. As all known architectural drawings by the practice are signed Pearson Bellamy, it is likely that Bellamy was the architect and Hardy was the administrator in the practice. The partnership lasted until Hardy's death, which was probably in 1891 or 1892. After this Bellamy continued to practice until 1896.
Our Fighting Navy (also known as Torpedoed) is a 1937 British action film directed by Norman Walker and starring Robert Douglas, Richard Cromwell and Hazel Terry. The screenplay concerns a British warship that intervenes to protect British subjects and prevent a rebellion in a South American republic. The Royal Navy, viewing the film as a recruitment opportunity, provided warships and extras. 
The film was made by Herbert Wilcox Productions made at Pinewood Studios. The film's sets were designed by the art director Lawrence P. Williams. It was given an American release in 1938 with a reduced running time.
The Mexican Border War, or the Border Campaign, refers to the military engagements which took place in the Mexico–United States border region of North America during the Mexican Revolution. The war's time period encompassed World War I, during which Germany attempted to have Mexico attack the United States and engaged in hostilities against American forces there itself. The Border War was the fifth and latest major conflict fought on American soil, where its predecessors were the American Revolutionary War, War of 1812, Mexican–American War (1846–1848) and the American Civil War. The end of the Mexican Revolution on 1 December 1920,  marked the close of the American Frontier. The Bandit War in Texas was part of the Border War. From the beginning of the Mexican Revolution in 1910, the United States Army was stationed in force along the border and on several occasions fought with Mexican rebels or federals. The height of the conflict came in 1916 when revolutionary Pancho Villa attacked the American border town of Columbus, New Mexico. In response, the United States Army, under the direction of General John J. Pershing, launched an expedition into northern Mexico, to find and capture Villa. Although Villa was not captured, the US Army found and engaged the Villista rebels, killing Villa's two top lieutenants. The revolutionary himself escaped and the American army returned to the United States in January 1917. Conflict at the border continued, however, and the United States launched several additional, though smaller operations into Mexican territory until after the American victory in the Battle of Ambos Nogales in August 1918, leading to the establishment of a permanent border wall. Conflict was not only subject to Villistas and Americans; Maderistas, Carrancistas, Constitutionalistas and Germans also engaged in battle with American forces during this period.
Lyndon is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,491. Lyndon is the home of Lyndon State College. The town contains one incorporated village, Lyndonville, and four unincorporated villages: Lyndon Corner in the south, Lyndon Center in the center of town on the west side of Lyndonville, Little Egypt in the north, and East Lyndon in the southeast.
Lyndon is the second-most populous town in the Northeast Kingdom; only neighboring St. Johnsbury is larger. It is also the fastest growing town in Vermont with a population over 5,000, growing 9.8% in the decade preceding the 2010 census.
Ubiquitin-conjugating enzymes, also known as E2 enzymes and more rarely as ubiquitin-carrier enzymes, perform the second step in the ubiquitination reaction that targets a protein for degradation via the proteasome. The ubiquitination process covalently attaches ubiquitin, a short protein of 76 amino acids, to a lysine residue on the target protein. Once a protein has been tagged with one ubiquitin molecule, additional rounds of ubiquitination form a polyubiquitin chain that is recognized by the proteasome's 19S regulatory particle, triggering the ATP-dependent unfolding of the target protein that allows passage into the proteasome's 20S core particle, where proteases degrade the target into short peptide fragments for recycling by the cell.
Rendering or image synthesis is the process of generating a photorealistic or non-photorealistic image from a 2D or 3D model by means of a computer program.  The resulting image is referred to as the render.  Multiple models can be defined in a scene file containing objects in a strictly defined language or data structure.  The scene file contains geometry, viewpoint, texture, lighting, and shading information describing the virtual scene. The data contained in the scene file is then passed to a rendering program to be processed and output to a digital image or raster graphics image file. The term "rendering" is analogous to the concept of an artist's impression of a scene.  The term "rendering" is also used to describe the process of calculating effects in a video editing program to produce the final video output.
Rendering is one of the major sub-topics of 3D computer graphics, and in practice it is always connected to the others. It is the last major step in the graphics pipeline, giving models and animation their final appearance. With the increasing sophistication of computer graphics since the 1970s, it has become a more distinct subject.
Rendering has uses in architecture, video games, simulators, movie and TV visual effects, and design visualization, each employing a different balance of features and techniques. A wide variety of renderers are available for use. Some are integrated into larger modeling and animation packages, some are stand-alone, and some are free open-source projects. On the inside, a renderer is a carefully engineered program based on multiple disciplines, including light physics, visual perception, mathematics, and software development.
Though the technical details of rendering methods vary, the general challenges to overcome in producing a 2D image on a screen from a 3D representation stored in a scene file are handled by the graphics pipeline in a rendering device such as a GPU. A GPU is a purpose-built device that assists a CPU in performing complex rendering calculations. If a scene is to look relatively realistic and predictable under virtual lighting, the rendering software must solve the rendering equation. The rendering equation doesn't account for all lighting phenomena, but instead acts as a general lighting model for computer-generated imagery.
In the case of 3D graphics, scenes can be pre-rendered or generated in realtime.  Pre-rendering is a slow, computationally intensive process that is typically used for movie creation, where scenes can be generated ahead of time, while real-time rendering is often done for 3D video games and other applications that must dynamically create scenes.  3D hardware accelerators can improve realtime rendering performance.
William Sheller (born William Desboeuf on 9 July 1946) is a French classical composer and singer-songwriter.
A prominent artist of French popular music since the 1970s, William Sheller has the particularity of being one of the few singers of French chanson who has benefited from a solid background in classical music. This has influenced his repertoire with a sophisticated musical style, combining elements of classical music with chanson and symphonic rock.
Orrin Cromwell Evans (1902–1971) was a pioneering African-American journalist and comic book publisher. Considered  "the first black writer to cover general assignments for a mainstream white newspaper in the United States," he also published All-Negro Comics, the first known comics magazine written and drawn solely by African-American writers and artists.
Gelechia veneranda is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It is found in Mexico (Sonora).The wingspan is 16–17 mm. The forewings are mottled with much mixed colours, of which the ground-colour may be taken as pale stone-colour. On this is a profuse sprinkling and partial suffusion of fawn-brownish, with sundry spots and streaks almost black, or at least very dark fuscous. Of these, two are costal, one before and one beyond the middle, and two are discal, parallel to the costal, but a little further removed from the base. The terminal and apical portion of the wing is almost entirely suffused with this dark brownish fuscous shading, and the fold is marked by a narrow line of the same throughout. All the different shades are much blended together and ill-defined, a slight rufous tinge prevailing above the fold. The hindwings are brownish grey, profusely irrorated with brownish scales beyond the basal third.
The Oxford-Whitney Streets District is a historic district encompassing an early-20th century residential area in the West End neighborhood of Hartford, Connecticut.  It extends along the east side of Oxford Street between Elizabeth and Cone Streets, on the west side of Whitney between Fern and Elizabeth, and includes the north side of Fern Street between Whitney and Oxford.  Most of the housing, a combination of single and multi-family residences, was built between 1906 and 1919, a period later than the surrounding areas, and is predominantly Colonial Revival in character.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
Taylan (Kyrgyz: Тайлан, romanized: Taylan) is a village located in Batken Region, Kyrgyzstan. The village is subordinated to the town of Isfana within the Leylek District. Its population was 1,616 in 2021.
James Lauderdale (1768–1814) was an American militia officer who died during the War of 1812. A native of Botetourt County, Virginia, Lauderdale moved to Sumner County, Tennessee, as a young man. In 1813, he joined a unit of cavalry militia under General John Coffee. He later served under General Andrew Jackson and was wounded during the Battle of Talladega, during what was called the Creek War. He was then commissioned as a Lieutenant-Colonel of Volunteers, but died during the first Battle of New Orleans in December 1814.
Rafael Andres Nieto Rondon, known simply as Andres Nieto, is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Phnom Penh Crown.
Menius is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Eumolpinae. It is known from Africa.
Petrus Marcellinus Felix Liberius (c. 465 – c. 554) was a Late Roman aristocrat and official, whose career spanned seven decades in the highest offices of both the Ostrogothic Kingdom of Italy and the Eastern Roman Empire. He held the highest governmental offices of Italy, Gaul, and Egypt, "an accomplishment not often recorded – Caesar and Napoleon Bonaparte are the only parallels that come to mind!" as James O'Donnell observes in his biographical study of the man.
The Sport 2000 80 is an Italian paramotor that was designed by Pietrucci Mauro and produced by Sport 2000 of Capena for powered paragliding. Now out of production, when it was available the aircraft was supplied complete and ready-to-fly.
The 2004 Prince Edward Island Scott Tournament of Hearts was held Jan. 22–27 in at the Cornwall Curling Club in Cornwall, Prince Edward Island. The winning team was Team Suzanne Gaudet who represented Prince Edward Island, finished with a 2-9 round-robin record at the 2004 Scott Tournament of Hearts in Red Deer, Alberta.
Deane House, also known as Pritchard Farm, is a historic plantation house and farm located near Cofield, Hertford County, North Carolina.  The house is a two-story, five bay Georgian period frame dwelling. It has a shed porch across the front, and a rear ell. Also on the property are the contributing small board-and-batten outbuilding, a large gable-roof outbuilding with additions, three gable-roof barns, and a rectangular well-house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Mini Shaji Thomas was the Director of National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli (NIT, Trichy) since 2016. Thomas was the first female director of the Institute since it was founded in 1964.
Svenska Fotbollpokalen 1903 II, part of the 1903 Swedish football season, was the sixth Svenska Fotbollpokalen tournament played, the tournament was a replay for the previous 1903 tournament, Svenska Fotbollpokalen 1903 I. 11 teams participated and ten matches were played, the first 9 August 1903 and the last 20 September 1903. Örgryte IS won the tournament ahead of runners-up IFK Stockholm.
The Post Office, or Old Post Office, in Christine, North Dakota, United States, was built in about 1895-98 and was moved in 1906.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.It is a 1+1⁄2-story 25-by-67-foot (7.6 m × 20.4 m) building.
Hastings' Dictionary of the Bible was a five-volume Biblical encyclopaedia published 1898–1904.
SAM Labs is a startup that makes app-enabled construction kits, designed for people of all ages to learn STEM, play, and create with technology and the Internet of Things. The company has been featured in WIRED and The Telegraph. Founded by Belgian born CEO Joachim Horn, the company works out of their headquarters in East London.
A month-long Kickstarter campaign initiated in October 2014 raised over $160,000, and helped launch the mass production of the kits. Backers included Jawbone co-founder Alexander Asseily, who pre-ordered the kit.
Valerie Pitman is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera Doctors, portrayed by Sarah Moyle. Valerie is introduced as a temporary receptionist at the Mill, and made her first appearance on 15 October 2012. It was first announced that Moyle was to play a new recurring character on her official credits in 2012. She departed on 3 December 2012 but made brief returns in 2013 and 2014. Moyle was promoted to the regular cast in 2016. Valerie's storylines in the programme have included a life-threatening battle against Hodgkin's lymphoma, fighting against Mrs. Tembe's (Lorna Laidlaw) new ideas for The Mill, attempting to sue Al Haskey (Ian Midlane) for malpractice and being falsely accused of murder.
Maryam Safarova (born July 3, 2003) is an Azerbaijani group rhythmic gymnast. She is the 2020 European Group All-around silver medalist.
This is the complete discography of the Canadian rock band Sum 41. The band has seven full-length studio albums, three live albums, 26 music videos, one compilation, four EPs, nine B-sides, and 24 singles.
Wim Eckert (born 1969 in Zurich) is a Swiss architect and co-founder of E2A Architects. 
Eckert studied architecture at the ETH Zurich (Diploma 1995). From 1995 until 1997 he worked at the Office for Metropolitan Architecture (OMA). He has been an independent architect in Zurich since 1997 and founded E2A Architects together with Piet Eckert in 2001. Wim Eckert has taught at the Technical University of Delft in the Netherlands, at the ETH Zurich and at the HafenCity University in Hamburg. Since 2014 he has been teaching as Visiting Professor at the USI Academy of Architecture in Mendrisio.
Sedasa was a town of ancient Isauria, inhabited in Roman times. The name does not occur among ancient authors but is inferred from epigraphic and other evidence.Its site is located near Namze Yaylası, Asiatic Turkey.
The 19th Senate District of Wisconsin is one of 33 districts in the Wisconsin State Senate.  Located in east-central Wisconsin, the district comprises northern Winnebago County and southwest Outagamie County.  It includes most of the city of Appleton, as well as the cities of Menasha and Neenah, roughly constituting the western half of the "Fox Cities".
In the social sciences and philosophy, a positive or descriptive statement concerns what "is", "was", or "will be", and contains no indication of approval or disapproval (what should be). Positive statements are thus the opposite of normative statements. Positive statements are based on empirical evidence. For examples, "An increase in taxation will result in less consumption" and "A fall in supply of petrol will lead to an increase in its price". However, positive statements can be factually incorrect: "The moon is made of green cheese" is empirically false, but is still a positive statement, as it is a statement about what is, not what should be.
Hossein Kamali (Persian: حسین کمالی; born 27 July 1953) is an Iranian politician and the current secretary-general of Islamic Labour Party. He was previously Minister of Labour and Social Affairs from 1989 until 2001.
Ivan Babić (born 29 April 1984) is a Croatian professional footballer who played in Austria for ASKÖ Oberdorf, as a striker.
Triloki Nath Madan (born 12 August 1933, in Kashmir) is an anthropologist, with a Ph.D from the Australian National University (1960). He is currently Professor Emeritus of Sociology at the Institute of Economic Growth, Delhi University, and Distinguished Senior Fellow (Adjunct), Centre for the Study of Developing Societies, Delhi. Of the teaching positions he held earlier, those at Lucknow and Dharwar lasted longest. He taught for short periods at several universities in India and abroad.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Anthropological Institute of Great Britain and Ireland in 1989. In 1994, he was made Docteur Honoris Causa by the University of Paris X (Nanterre). In 1995, he occupied the Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan Chair in Humanities and Social Sciences at the University of Hyderabad. 
He has held visiting appointments at a number of universities including Harvard where he was Visiting Professor of Anthropology and of the History of Religion in 1984-85. The Indian Sociological Society gave him the Lifetime Achievement Award in 2008. 
His most noted work is Family and Kinship among the Pandits of Rural Kashmir (1966, 1989) which presented an account of the social life of Kashmiri Pandits. His more recent publications include,"Modern Myths, Locked Minds: Secularism and Fundamentalism in India" (1997, 2009), "Images of the World: Essays on Religion, Secularism, and Culture" (2005), and "Sociological Traditions: Methods and Perspectives in the Sociology of India" (2011).
He was presented with a Festschrift titled Tradition, Pluralism and Identity: In Honour of T.N. Madan, edited by Veena Das, Dipankar Gupta and Patricia Uberoi. Currently he lives in Delhi.He was married to Uma Chaturvedi, who died in December 2013. They have two children.
Vitaly Sergeyevich Marakhovsky (Russian: Виталий Сергеевич Мараховский; born 14 January 1988) is a Russian former professional football player.
Lawrence Birks (19 May 1874 – 25 July 1924) was an Australian-born electrical engineer noted for his pioneering work on hydro-electric power generation in New Zealand.
Girls Just Want to Have Fun is a 1985 American romantic comedy dance film directed by Alan Metter and distributed by New World Pictures. It was written by Amy Spies and stars Sarah Jessica Parker, Lee Montgomery, Morgan Woodward, Jonathan Silverman, Shannen Doherty, and Helen Hunt. Its story follows Janey, a new girl in town who meets Lynne, both share a passion for dancing (Dance TV). Together the two enter a competition to be a new Dance TV regular couple, however Janey's father doesn't approve.
The film was produced by Chuck Russell and was released on April 12, 1985. It grossed $1.7 million in its opening weekend and $6.3 million worldwide, against a budget of $5 million. It received generally negative reviews and has a 38% approval rating based on 13 votes on Rotten Tomatoes. Despite its negative reviews, the film was regularly aired on Comedy Central, Lifetime, USA Network, Lifetime Movie Network and ABC Family for several years and has become a cult film. The film is also well-known for an unintentional error on the VHS edition: the runtime is listed as 95 minutes on the case (the correct time), but 94 minutes on the cassette label.
Captain Sir Ernest Whiteside Huddleston  (18 August 1874 – 10 October 1959) was a British military commander who was Deputy Director and officiating Commander of the Royal Indian Marine. He was later Shipping Surveyor and Adviser to the High Commissioner for India and ADC to the Viceroy.
When Blackbirds Sing (1962) is the last novel by Australian writer Martin Boyd. It is also the last in the author's "Langton Tetralogy" (which comprises The Cardboard Crown, A Difficult Young Man, Outbreak of Love and When Blackbirds Sing).
Vice Admiral Marcel Harcourt Attwood Kelsey CB, DSC (21 February 1894 – 27 August 1964) was a Royal Navy officer who became Flag Officer, Malta.
Julestemninger is a 1993 Christmas album from Norwegian singer Elisabeth Andreasson. Within a short time, the album sold gold. The song "Ledet av en stjerne" became a hit. On the album, choir singers from the Oslo Gospel Choir and musicians from the Oslo Philharmonic appear. The cooperation with the Philharmonic orchestra led to Elisabeth becoming soloist during their 1993 Christmas concert.
Jacquette Ada (born 27 August 1991) is a Cameroonian football forward, who plays for  Fatih Vatan Spor in the Turkish Women's Super League with jersey number 13, and the Cameroon women's national team.
Master control is the technical hub of a broadcast operation common among most over-the-air television stations and television networks. It is distinct from a production control room (PCR) in television studios where the activities such as switching from camera to camera are coordinated. A transmission control room (TCR) is usually smaller in size and is a scaled down version of centralcasting.
Master control is the final point before a signal is transmitted over-the-air for terrestrial television or cablecast, satellite provider for broadcast, or sent on to a cable television operator. Television master control rooms include banks of video monitors, satellite receivers, videotape machines, video servers, transmission equipment, and, more recently, computer broadcast automation equipment for recording and playback of television programming.
Master control is generally staffed with one or two master control operators around-the-clock to ensure continuous operation. Master control operators are responsible for monitoring the quality and accuracy of the on-air product, ensuring the transmission meets government regulations, troubleshooting equipment malfunctions, and preparing programming for playout.  Regulations include both technical ones (such as those against over-modulation and dead air), as well as content ones (such as indecency and station ID).
Many television networks and radio networks or station groups have consolidated facilities and now operate multiple stations from one regional master control or centralcasting center. An example of this centralized broadcast programming system on a large scale is  NBC's "hub-spoke project" that enables a single "hub" to have control of dozens of stations' automation systems and to monitor their air signals, thus reducing or eliminating some responsibilities of local employees at their owned-and-operated (O&O) stations. 
Outside the United States, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) manages four radio networks, two broadcast television networks, and several more cable/satellite radio and television services out of just two master control points (English language services at the Canadian Broadcasting Centre in Toronto and French language at Maison Radio-Canada in Montreal). Many other public and private broadcasters in Canada have taken a similar approach.
Philippians 3 is the third chapter of the Epistle to the Philippians in the New Testament of the Christian Bible. It is authored by Paul the Apostle, probably in the mid-50s or early 60s CE and addressed to the Christians in Philippi. This chapter contains Paul's comments and exhortations centering on a narrative about his life.
Frédéric Labadie-Lagrave (16 August 1844 – 1917) was a French physician who made important contributions to medical literature.
Erasmus Jerel Myers (born July 18, 1981) is a former professional American, Canadian and Arena football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Buffalo Bills in 2003. He played college football for the LSU Tigers.
Myers has also been a member of the Washington Redskins, New Orleans VooDoo, Kansas City Brigade and BC Lions.
He is now a Physical Education teacher at Stafford Municipal School District in Stafford, TX.
Mastin Gentry White (January 1, 1901 – July 25, 1987) was a judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims from 1982 to 1987.
Born  in Van Zandt County, Texas, White received a Bachelor of Laws from the University of Texas School of Law in 1927, an A.B. from New Mexico State Teachers' College (now Western New Mexico University) in 1929, a Master of Laws from Columbia Law School in 1930, and a Doctor of Juridical Science from Harvard Law School in 1933. He was an assistant county attorney for Smith County, Texas, from 1927 to 1930. He entered academia as an associate professor at the University of Texas School of Law, from 1930 to 1932, and then as a Brandeis research fellow at Harvard Law School from 1932 to 1933.White then went into government service, first as a special assistant to the Attorney General of the United States in the U.S. Department of Justice, from 1933 to 1935, and then as a solicitor in the U.S. Department of Agriculture, from 1935 to 1942. During World War II, he served as a colonel in the United States Army, from 1942 to 1946. After the war, he was a Solicitor for the U.S. Department of the Interior from 1946 to 1953, and chaired Department of Interior Loyalty Board hearings against federal employees alleged to be disloyal to the US Government. He was briefly in private practice in  Washington, D.C., from 1953 to 1955.In 1955, White became a trial judge of the United States Court of Claims. He was in active service as a judge of that court until 1971, when he became a senior trial judge. On October 1, 1982, White was appointed by operation of law as senior judge holding a new seat on the United States Court of Federal Claims, authorized by 96 Stat. 27. However, because the statute made no specific provision for such an appointment, on November 10, 1982, he received a recess appointment from President Ronald Reagan as a judge in regular active service in the same seat. He served in this capacity for nine days before once again assuming senior status on November 19, 1982, serving in this capacity until his death, in Washington, D.C. White was one of several judges originally assigned to the U.S. Court of Federal Claims for whom no successor was appointed.
McKean County is a rural county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 43,450. Its county seat is Smethport. The county was created in 1804 and organized in 1826. It was named in honor of former Pennsylvania Governor and Declaration of Independence signer Thomas McKean.McKean County comprises the Bradford, PA Micropolitan Statistical Area. It is in a sparsely populated region known as the "Pennsylvania Wilds", including the Allegheny National Forest and borders New York. McKean County is home of "The Zippo Lighter" and boasts of being "The Black Cherry Capital of the World."
McKean County was founded because of its natural resources of oil and timber, both of which continue to provide a significant input to the economy. Today, a university, rural medical center, federal prison and manufacturing companies balance the area's economy.
Eugonosia is a monotypic moth genus in the subfamily Arctiinae. Its single species, Eugonosia angulifer, is found in the Brazilian state of Paraná. Both the genus and species were first described by Schaus in 1899.
Londonderry is a town in western Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. It sits between Manchester and Derry, the largest and fourth-largest communities in the state. The population was 25,826 at the 2020 census. Londonderry is known for its apple orchards and is home to the headquarters of Stonyfield Farm and part of Manchester-Boston Regional Airport.
The more densely settled portion of town, where 11,645 people lived at the 2020 census, is defined as the Londonderry census-designated place (CDP) and roughly occupies the southeastern and southern parts of town, around New Hampshire Route 102.
New Disorder Records is an independent record label based in San Francisco, California. New Disorder was home to bands like The Gods Hate Kansas, Half Empty, SPFU, Kitsch, Jack Acid, and American Steel. The label had a wide array of bands some of them featuring women leads whose vocal talent ranged from gritty to crisp. The bands tied to this label all seem to have a different feel then most bands of their time with groove bass sounds tied with hardcore punk guitar riffs.
The Committee for Justice is a Northern Ireland Assembly committee established to advise, assist and scrutinise the work of the Department of Justice. The Committee undertakes a scrutiny, policy development and consultation role with respect to the Department of Justice and plays a key role in the consideration and development of legislation.
The committee was created following the devolution of policing and justice on 12 April 2010, as a result of the Hillsborough Castle Agreement, agreed under the premiership of Gordon Brown on 5 February 2010.
The Cessna T-37 Tweet (designated Model 318 by Cessna) is a small, economical twin-engined jet trainer type which flew for decades as a primary trainer for the United States Air Force (USAF) and in the air forces of several other nations.  The T-37C was also capable of light attack.  The A-37 Dragonfly variant served in the light attack role during the Vietnam War and continues to serve in the air forces of several South American nations.The T-37 served as the U.S. Air Force's primary pilot training vehicle for over 52 years after its first flight. After completing Primary in the Tweet, students moved on to other advanced Air Force, Navy, Marine Corps or Allied trainers. With a total of 1,269 Cessna T-37s built, the USAF retired its last T-37 in 2009. It was replaced in USAF service by the Beechcraft T-6 Texan II.
Macrocoma is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Eumolpinae. It contains about 100 species, which are found in tropical Africa, around the Mediterranean, on the Canary Islands, in western and central Asia, and in India.Macrocoma is closely related to the African genus Pseudocolaspis, and has sometimes been treated as a junior synonym of it historically. The two genera are distinguished by the exposure of the pygidium and the shape of the anterior edges of the prosternum: in Macrocoma, the pygidium is covered by the elytra and the anterior edges of the prosternum are flat, while in Pseudocolaspis, the pygidium is more than half-exposed and the anterior edges of the prosternum are convex. Currently, several species are not arranged according to these characters.
The 1962 Channel Airways Dakota accident occurred on 6 May 1962 when a Channel Airways  Douglas C-47A Dakota, registered G-AGZB and operating a scheduled passenger flight from Jersey to Portsmouth, collided with a cloud-covered hill at St Boniface Down, near Ventnor on the Isle of Wight.  The aircraft had previously been owned by British European Airways, and was named "Robert Smith-Barry". The aircraft was destroyed, and twelve of the eighteen occupants were killed (all three crew members and nine out of 15 passengers, including three infants).
Mockingbird Don't Sing is a 2001 American independent film based on the true story of Genie, a modern-day feral child. The film is told from the point of view of Susan Curtiss (whose fictitious name is Sandra Tannen), a professor of linguistics at University of California, Los Angeles. Although the film is based on a true story, all of the names are fictitious for legal reasons (e.g. the pseudonym "Genie" has been changed to "Katie"). The film was released to US theaters on May 4, 2001. It won first prize for best screenplay at the Rhode Island International Film Festival (tied with Wings of Hope).
The 9th Aero Squadron was an Air Service, United States Army unit that fought on the Western Front during World War I.
The squadron was assigned as an Army Observation Squadron, performing long-range, strategic night reconnaissance over the entire length of the United States First Army sector of the Western Front in France. It was the only night reconnaissance squadron of the Air Service stationed on the Western Front, and the squadron's emblem reflects an aircraft, flying at night with searchlights searching for it in a IX pattern.
After the 1918 Armistice with Germany, the squadron was assigned to the United States Third Army as part of the Occupation of the Rhineland in Germany. It returned to the United States in June 1919 and became part of the permanent United States Army Air Service in 1921, being re-designated as the 9th Squadron (Observation).The current United States Air Force unit which holds its lineage and history is the 9th Bomb Squadron, assigned to the 7th Operations Group, Dyess Air Force Base, Texas.
Prophets in Islam (Arabic: الأنبياء في الإسلام, romanized: al-ʾAnbiyāʾ fī al-ʾIslām) are individuals in Islam who are believed to spread God's message on Earth and to serve as models of ideal human behaviour. Some prophets are categorized as messengers (Arabic: رسول, romanized: rusul, sing. رسول, rasūl), those who transmit divine revelation, most of them through the interaction of an angel. Muslims believe that many prophets existed, including many not mentioned in the Quran. The Quran states: "There is a Messenger for every community". Belief in the Islamic prophets is one of the six articles of the Islamic faith.Muslims believe that the first prophet was also the first human being, Adam, created by God. Many of the revelations delivered by the 48 prophets in Judaism and many prophets of Christianity are mentioned as such in the Quran but usually with Arabic versions of their names; for example, the Jewish Elisha is called Alyasa', Job is Ayyub, Jesus is 'Isa, etc. The Torah given to Moses (Musa) is called Tawrat, the Psalms given to David (Dawud) is the Zabur, the Gospel given to Jesus is Injil.The last prophet in Islam is Muhammad ibn ʿAbdullāh, whom Muslims believe to be the "Seal of the Prophets" (Khatam an-Nabiyyin), to whom the Quran was revealed in a series of revelations (and written down by his companions). Muslims believe the Quran is the sole divine and literal word of God, thus immutable and protected from distortion and corruption, destined to remain in its true form until the Last Day.In Islam, every prophet preached the same core beliefs, the Oneness of God, worshipping of that one God, avoidance of idolatry and sin, and the belief in the Day of Resurrection or the Day of Judgement and life after death. Prophets and messengers are believed to have been sent by God to different communities during different periods in history.
Cecil Edward Kinahan (April 15, 1879 – March 15, 1912) was an Irish track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.Kinahan was born in Norwood, Greater London to Irish parents. He represented Ireland internationally. In 1908 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 110 metre hurdles event after finished second in his heat.
He was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Princess Victoria's (Royal Irish Fusiliers) on 20 May 1899, and left with the 1st battalion of his regiment for South Africa after the outbreak of the Second Boer War in 1899. He took part in operations in Natal Colony, including the battles of Talana Hill and Lombard's Kop (October 1899), and was promoted to a lieutenant on 24 February 1900. From June that year he served in the Transvaal, east of Pretoria. In October and November 1900 he served in the Orange River Colony. Following the end of the war in June 1902, he returned home with other men of his battalion on the SS Pinemore, arriving at Southampton in October that year.Kinahan died in Sudan, as part of the Egyptian army fighting the Annaks.
Peter Donaldson (27 October 1934 – 6 September 2002) was a British economist, academic, author, and radio and television broadcaster.
Mollie Green (born 4 August 1997) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Coventry United in the FA Women's Championship.
She has previously played for Everton, Liverpool, and Manchester United in the FA WSL, Sheffield United in the FA Women's Championship, and has represented England at the under-19 level.
Maurice Ntounou (born 13 September 1972) is a Congolese footballer. He played in 12 matches for the Congo national football team from 1992 to 1999. He was also named in Congo's squad for the 1992 African Cup of Nations tournament.
Mary White is a 1977 made-for-TV period biographical movie directed by Jud Taylor about American newspaper editor and author William Allen White (played by Ed Flanders) and his teenage daughter Mary (played by Kathleen Beller), who died at age 16 in a horseback riding accident. The film is based on the true story of White's daughter Mary Katherine, who died in 1921 and was the subject of a well-known eulogy written by her father.Caryl Ledner won the Emmy Award ® for Best Teleplay, Movie-For-Television, in the 1977-78 season.  The film often appeared on television in the 1980s, and is now on DVD.
Doctors of Madness were a British protopunk art rock band active as a recording and touring band from 1975 until late 1978. They found cult level acclaim and recognition in the 70s, but had little commercial success. Since then they have come to be regarded as prime movers who were forerunners of the later punk movement.
Dispiron is a genus of worms belonging to the family Neoechinorhynchidae.Species:
This is a list of scientific journals published by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
On 14 July 2021 a bus carrying Chinese workers in the Dasu area of Upper Kohistan District fell into a ravine after an explosion, killing 13 people, including nine Chinese residents and 4 Pakistanis, and injured 28 others.
Stranger to Stranger is the thirteenth solo studio album by American folk rock singer-songwriter Paul Simon. Produced by Paul Simon and Roy Halee, it was released on June 3, 2016 through Concord Records. Simon wrote the material over a period of several years, perfecting it and rewriting it to his liking. Its music is experimental, making use of custom-made instruments by composer and music theorist Harry Partch. Three of the songs on the album are collaborations with Italian electronic artist Clap! Clap!.
His first release in over five years, Stranger to Stranger received wide critical acclaim. It represented Simon's highest-ever debut on the Billboard 200, at No. 3, and reached No. 1 on the UK Albums Chart.
La Serra is a small village (curazia) in the European republic of San Marino.
MightySat-1 was a small spacecraft developed by the U.S. Air Force's Phillips Laboratory (now part of the Air Force Research Laboratory Space Vehicles Directorate) to test technology for small satellites, including advanced dual-junction solar cells, a composite structure, a micrometeorite and debris detector, low-power electronics and a low-shock release device. The 140-pound satellite was launched from the Space Shuttle Endeavour in December 1998, during the 12th day of the STS-88 mission and performed robustly in orbit, with no spacecraft anomalies during its mission. Lt. Barbara Braun of the AFRL was the program manager for the satellite.MightySat-1's mission ended when it re-entered the atmosphere at 17:11 UTC on November 21, 1999.
The 2017 Rochester Rhinos season was the club's 22nd overall and seventh with the United Soccer League, now known as the USL Championship. The Rhinos returned to playing in Division II of men's professional soccer, as the USL and all its teams were promoted from Division III after the 2016 season. They looked to return to the USL playoffs after losing to the New York Red Bulls II in the conference semifinals the previous year.
This was the Rhinos' final season in the second tier of American professional soccer. The team initially announced that it would go on hiatus for the 2018 season. It later announced that it would not resume professional operations until 2020, at which time it will join USL League One, a third-level league operated by USL's parent company, United Soccer League (not to be confused with the Rhinos' former league), that will play its first season in 2019.
Calumpang National High School (CNHS), formerly Calumpang Public High School, is a public secondary high school in Nagcarlan, Laguna, Philippines, established on July 14, 1966.
A strip club is a venue where strippers provide adult entertainment, predominantly in the form of striptease or other erotic or exotic dances. Strip clubs typically adopt a nightclub or bar style, and can also adopt a theatre or cabaret-style. American-style strip clubs began to appear outside North America after World War II, arriving in Asia in the late 1980s and Europe in 1978, where they competed against the local English and French styles of striptease and erotic performances.
As of 2005, the size of the global strip club industry was estimated to be US$75 billion. In 2019, the size of the U.S. strip club industry was estimated to be US$8 billion, generating 19% of the total gross revenue in legal adult entertainment. SEC filings and state liquor control records available at that time indicated that there were at least 3,862 strip clubs in the United States, and since that time, the number of clubs in the U.S. has grown. Profitability of strip clubs, as with other service-oriented businesses, is largely driven by location and customer spending habits. The better appointed a club is, in terms of its quality of facilities, equipment, furniture, and other elements, the more likely customers are to encounter cover charges and fees for premium features such as VIP rooms. The popularity of a given club is an indicator of its quality, as is the word-of-mouth among customers who have visited a cross section of clubs in different regions.
The strip club as an outlet for salacious entertainment is a recurrent theme in popular culture. In some media, these clubs are portrayed primarily as gathering places of vice and ill repute. Clubs themselves and various aspects of the business are highlighted in these references. "Top Strip Club" lists in some media have demonstrated that U.S.-style striptease is a global phenomenon and that it has also become a culturally accepted form of entertainment, despite its scrutiny in legal circles and popular media. Popular Internet sites for strip club enthusiasts also have lists calculated from the inputs of site visitors. The legal status of strip clubs has evolved over the course of time, with national and local laws becoming progressively more liberal on the issue around the world, although some countries (such as Iceland) have implemented strict limits and bans. Strip clubs are frequent targets of litigation around the world, and the sex industry, which includes strip clubs, is a contentious issue in popular culture and politics. Some clubs have been linked to organized crime.
Professor William Charles Price FRS (1 April 1909 – 10 March 1993) was a British physicist (spectroscopy). Brought up in Swansea, he spent his career at the universities of Cambridge and London. His work was important for identifying the hydrogen bond structure of DNA base pairs.
Knút Wang (September 10, 1917 – January 22, 1976) was a Faroese journalist and politician for the People's Party.
Wang was born in Kaldbak. As a young man he went to sea, and he later moved to Tórshavn to work in merchandising. In 1941 he became a journalist, and one year later, at the age of 25, he took over as editor of the conservative newspaper Dagblaðið. Wang served as the paper's editor from 1942 to 1946, and again from 1947 to 1975. During the second period, he was the paper's co-editor together with Maurentius Viðstein and Poul Petersen. Wang was also a member of the broadcasting council for Faroese Radio (Faroese: Útvarp Føroya) for a number of years starting in 1956, and he was the director of the Tórshavn Theater Society from 1967 to 1974. In 1940 he published a collection of short stories called Smá skálkabros (A Sly Little Smile). Wang was elected to the Faroese Parliament as a representative from the South Streymoy (Faroese: Suðurstreymoy) district from 1958 to 1974 as a member of the People's Party. Wang died in 1976.
Swanton is a town in Fulton and Lucas counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 3,690 at the 2010 census.
Serotonergic () or serotoninergic () means "pertaining to or affecting serotonin". Serotonin is a neurotransmitter. A synapse is serotonergic if it uses serotonin as its neurotransmitter. A serotonergic neuron produces serotonin. A substance is serotonergic if it produces its effects via interactions with the serotonin system, such as by stimulating or blocking neurotransmission.
A serotonergic or serotoninergic agent is any chemical that modifies the effects of serotonin in the body. Some different types of serotonergics drugs include the following:
Lev Semyonovich Tsenkovsky (Leon Cienkowski, Russian: Лев Семенович Ценковский) (October 1 (N.S. October 13), 1822 in Warsaw – September 25 (N.S. October 7), 1887 in Leipzig) was a Polish botanist, protozoologist, bacteriologist, who was mostly active in Ukraine, then part of the Russian Empire. He was a corresponding member of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences (1881).
Lev Tsenkovsky graduated from Saint Petersburg University in 1844. As a professor, he taught at the Demidov Lyceum in Yaroslavl (1850-1854), Saint Petersburg University, Novorossiysk University in Odessa (1865-1871), and Kharkov University (1872-1887). Lev Tsenkovsky was one of the pioneers of the ontogenetic method of studying lower plants and lower animals. Also, he was developing a concept on genetic unity of flora and fauna. Tsenkovsky was one of the advocates of the teachings of Charles Darwin. He is known to have suggested methods of developing an effective anthrax vaccine. Lev Tsenkovsky contributed to the organization of the first vaccination station in Kharkov in 1887.
This article includes content derived from the Great Soviet Encyclopedia, 1969–1978, which is partially in the public domain.
Voacanga africana is a small tree native to tropical Africa belonging to the family Apocynaceae that grows to 6 m (20 ft) in height and bears leaves that are up to 30 cm (12 in) in length. The yellow or white flowers are succeeded by paired, follicular, dehiscent fruit with a mottled green exocarp and a pulpy, yellow mesocarp surrounding the seeds. The plant contains alkaloids acting as CNS depressants and hypotensives
Eugenie Bouchard was the defending champion, but was chosen to compete in ladies' singles instead where she lost to Carla Suárez Navarro in the third round.
Belinda Bencic defeated Taylor Townsend in the final, 4–6, 6–1, 6–4 to win the Girls' Singles tennis title at the 2013 Wimbledon Championships.
Ōizumi Junction (大泉ジャンクション, Ōizumi Jankushon) is a road interchange located in Nerima, Tokyo, Japan.
Tartu Veterinary Institute (Estonian: Tartu Veterinaariainstituut, German: Kaiserliche Veterinair-Institut zu Dorpat) was an institute which provided a university level education in veterinary medicine. It was located in Tartu, Estonia. The institute was established in 1848 and was, therefore, the oldest veterinary school in Imperial Russia.
The Institute's first director was Hans Peter Boje Jessen.Studies at the Institute were divided into two levels. The higher level graduated full-fledged veterinarians. The lower level produced veterinary assistants. In 1852, the lower level was discontinued.In 1918 the Institute became part of Tartu University.
The information regarding List of rivers in the Magallanes Region on this page has been compiled from the data supplied by GeoNames. It includes all features named "Rio", "Canal", "Arroyo", "Estero" and those Feature Code is associated with a stream of water. This list contains 173 water streams.
The long-billed hermit (Phaethornis longirostris) is a bird in the family Trochilidae, the hummingbirds. It is found from central Mexico south through Central America, Colombia and Ecuador into Peru.
Akyat Bahay Gang (transl. House Climbing Gang) is a 1988 Filipino crime film directed by Efren C. Piñon and starring Lito Lapid, Zandro Zamora, Dick Israel, Lito Gruet, Chuck Perez, Jean Saburit, Angela Perez, and Paquito Diaz. Produced by Falcon Films, a subsidiary of Viva Films, it was released on April 20, 1988. Critic Luciano E. Soriano gave the film a negative review, criticizing its lack of suspense and unexciting action, though he noted it was better than other films showing in theaters at the time.
This is a history of Blackpool Football Club from 1962 to the present. For their history between 1887 and 1962, see History of Blackpool F.C. (1887–1962). For the club's season-by-season stats, see Blackpool F.C. seasons.
The history of Blackpool Football Club between 1962 and the present day covers the periods of relative decline after their successful first half of the 20th century.
Blackpool spent the years between 1962 and 1967 in Division One, before being relegated to the second tier of English football for the first time since 1936–37. After three seasons in Division Two, the club returned to the top flight, but only for one season. In the decade between 1972 and 1982, Blackpool dropped down two more divisions, to Division Four, and in 1982–83 hit their lowest finishing point: 89th out of the total 92 League clubs.
In the years since Blackpool managed to climb into the upper reaches of the pyramid again. After five promotions and one relegation, the club reached the Premier League, the top tier of English football, in 2010–11; from 2013 to 2014 onwards, however, another decline occurred. As of the end of the 2014–15 season, the club had won just 15 league games out of the last 92 (or two full league seasons). This equates to 45 points out of a possible 276. They also failed to win in the first five league fixtures of the 2015–16 campaign, under new manager Neil McDonald.
Under Gary Bowyer's stewardship, Blackpool returned to the third tier at the end of the 2016–17 season. They remained there for four more seasons, before climbing into the second tier in 2020–21. Both of these promotions were again done via the play-offs — the club's sixth success in play-off finals in eight appearances.
Vittel (French pronunciation: [vitɛl] (listen); archaic German: Wittel) is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Mineral water is bottled and sold here by Nestlé Waters France, under the Vittel brand.
The Ashland tragedy is the name given to the violent murder of three teenagers, Robert and Fannie Gibbons and Emma Carico, in Ashland, Kentucky in 1881.
Carl Michalski (18 January 1911 – 11 December 1998) was a German composer and conductor, focused on operetta and dance music.
The arena holds 600 people, and it is primarily used for handball and futsal. The arena is home to  handball team Lokomotiv Metalex Bild and futsal teams MFC Varna, FC Odesos and FC MAG.
The eighth season of the American reality television series Food Network Star premiered Sunday, May 13, 2012 and consisted of 11 episodes. The format for the eighth season changed to three 5-member teams, each coached by a Food Network host — Alton Brown, Bobby Flay or Giada De Laurentiis. This season viewers had the opportunity to follow the show (#Star) or their favorite team (#TeamAlton, #TeamBobby or #TeamGiada) on Twitter.
Cathleen Calbert is an American poet and writer, author of five poetry collections.  Her writing has appeared in Ms. Magazine, The Nation, The New Republic, The New York Times, The Paris Review, Poetry, Ploughshares, and elsewhere.  She was born in Jackson, Michigan and raised in southern California. She received her B.A. from the University of California at Berkeley, her M.A. from Syracuse University, and her Ph.D. from the University of Houston. Currently, she is a professor of English at Rhode Island College.
Saugandh Ganga Maiya Ke (Hindi: सौगंध गंगा मईया के) is a 2012 Indian, Bhojpuri language film directed by Rajkumar R. Pandey and produced by Amitabh Chandra, starring Manoj R Pandey, Pradeep Pandey,  Pawan Singh,  Awadhesh Mishra, Smrity Sinha and Akshara Singh.
Rudolph Lewis Teague (November 30, 1917 in Jamaica, New York – April 14, 1978 Fayston, Vermont) was an American painter from the Second Generation New York School.
Vladimir Grig (Russian: Владимир Григ; born March 21, 1962 in  Krasnodar, USSR) is the pen name of Russian, St. Petersburg-based artist and musician Vladimir Grigorashchenko.
Glenn Dunlop (born 12 May 1968 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a retired Northern Irish footballer who played over 300 games for Crusaders as a central defender.Dunlop won two championships with Crusaders and has been considered one of the best players in the Northern Ireland Football League in the 1990s by contemporary players and the media.Dunlop retired in 2000 after suffering an ankle injury. Dunlop now works as a minister of the church.
Donja Ričica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Cornville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States. The population as of the 2010 United States Census was 3,280, down from 3,335 at the 2000 census. The Cornville CDP includes the communities of Cornville and Page Springs.
Cornville and Page Springs are rapidly growing suburban areas that serve as bedroom communities for nearby Sedona and Cottonwood. Both communities are located along Oak Creek, a tributary of the Verde River. Lower Oak Creek has been designated an Important Bird Area by the National Audubon Society. Page Springs hosts a large fish hatchery operated by the Arizona Game and Fish Department. Adjacent to the hatchery are creekside hiking trails and bird-watching areas.Cornville's best known resident was U.S. Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain. McCain's home in the community, referred to in the media as his "Sedona Cabin," is where he and his running-mate, Alaska governor Sarah Palin, prepared for their debates. On August 25, 2018, McCain died in his home in Cornville.Cornville has a Greater Cornville Community Association, which meets monthly.
Antoni Gałecki (4 June 1906 – 14 December 1958) was a Polish football player and defender who represented ŁKS Łódź. He also played on the Polish National Team during the 1936 Berlin Olympics and Poland's 1938 FIFA World Cup lone match against Brazil.Born in Łódź, Galecki joined the LKS Łódź team in 1922, becoming its key defender four years later. Gałecki represented this team until 1939, participating in more than 400 games. In many of them, he was the team captain.
He wore the Polish National Team jersey for 22 games. His debut took place on 27 October 1928 in Prague, against Czechoslovakia.
During the 1936 Berlin Olympics, Gałecki was a key defender on the Polish team, participating in all games (3-0 vs Hungary, 5-4 vs Great Britain, 1-3 vs Austria and 2-3 vs Norway). Poland finished in 4th place.
In 1937-38 Gałecki played in qualifying matches for the 1938 World Cup football match. In Warsaw, Poland beat Yugoslavia 4–0. In the second leg, in Belgrade, the Poles lost 0–1, but Poland qualified due to the goals advantage. Gałecki represented Poland in a legendary World Cup game against Brazil on 5 June 1938 in Strasbourg, France. The Poles lost 5–6, but the match is to this day regarded as one of the best performances of the Polish National Team.Called to active military duty in August 1939, Gałecki fought in the September 1939 Campaign. He was held prisoner in a POW camp in Eger, Hungary, but managed to escape through Yugoslavia and Greece and reached Palestine, where he became a soldier of the Polish 2nd Corps. Gałecki fought at Tobruk and Monte Cassino. After the war, Gałecki returned to his hometown in 1947.
Fasting in Islam (known as Sawm, Arabic: صوم; Arabic pronunciation: [sˤawm]. Or Siyam, Arabic: صيام; Arabic pronunciation: [sˤijaːm], also commonly known as Rūzeh or Rōzah, Persian: روزه in non-Arab Muslim countries) is the practice of abstaining, usually from food, drink, smoking, and sexual activity. During the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, Sawm is observed between dawn and nightfall when the adhan of the Maghrib prayer is sounded. Ramadan is the ninth month of the Muslim lunar calendar and fasting is a requirement for Muslims as it is the fourth of the five pillars of Islam.
Awtaad (foaled 1 February 2013) is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse. He showed promise as a juvenile, winning a maiden race on his second racecourse appearance in October 2015. In the following spring he showed great improvement, winning the Madrid Handicap and the Tetrarch Stakes before recording a decisive victory over a strong field in the Irish 2000 Guineas. He was subsequently beaten in two Group 1 races before returning to winning form with a victory in the Boomerang Stakes.
Saint-Rémy-de-Chargnat (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ ʁemi də ʃaʁɲa]; Auvergnat: Sent Remesi de Charnhac) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
"So Close" is a song written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz for the musical fantasy film Enchanted (2007), recorded by American singer Jon McLaughlin. In the film, the song is performed by McLaughlin as himself, a band vocalist, musically accompanying main characters Giselle and Robert as they dance together at a costume ball. The song's lyrics describe both their relationship with each other, as well as Giselle's journey and growth as a character.
Enchanted's songs become more contemporary in style as Giselle matures into a modern-day young woman, with "So Close" resembling the style of music featured in Disney films during the 1990s, a theme similarly reflected by the character's choice of wardrobe during the scene. A romantic pop ballad, Menken and Schwartz based "So Close" on the title song from Disney's Beauty and the Beast (1991), a song Menken himself had written the music for, while its cinematography was designed to invoke the camera movement in Beauty and the Beast's famous ballroom sequence. The track was arranged and produced by Robbie Buchanan, who had previously arranged pop versions of the theme songs from Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin (1992) and Pocahontas (1995).
The song has received generally negative reviews from film and music critics, who were unimpressed with its slow tempo. "So Close" was one of three songs from Enchanted nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 80th Academy Awards. McLaughlin's live performance during the telecast was met with critical acclaim, and is credited with introducing the singer to a wider audience while bolstering sales of his own material.
Darkglass Electronics is a handmade bass guitar equipment company based in Helsinki, Finland. Darkglass was founded in 2009 by Chilean engineer Douglas Castro.Since its foundation, Darkglass has put on the market ten pedal models, and their first class D amp – Microtubes 900 - was released in 2016.
With presence in over 40 countries and exclusive distribution in countries such as Japan, China, USA, Germany and Canada, Darkglass products are currently used by bass players such as Billy Gould (Faith No More), Paul Turner (Jamiroquai), Ra Díaz (Suicidal Tendencies) and Tony Levin (King Crimson).
Squatting in Pakistan is the occupation of unused land or derelict buildings without the permission of the owner. Squatted informal settlements formed following the creation of Pakistan in 1947. They were known first as "bastis" then later "katchi abadis" and the inhabitants were forcibly resettled under military rule. By 2007, there were 7.5 million squatters in Karachi alone. The Sindh Katchi Abadi Authority (SKAA) announced in 2019 that a total of 1,414 katchi abadis had been located and 1,006 of those had been contacted with regards to beginning a regularization process.
USS Pledge (MSO-492) was an Aggressive-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy.
The second ship to be named Pledge by the Navy, MSO-492, a minesweeper, was laid down on 24 June 1954 by the J. M. Martinac Shipbuilding Corp., Tacoma, Washington, launched 20 July 1955, sponsored by Mrs. T. F. Uitsch, and commissioned 20 April 1956, Lt. Thomas D. Pfundstein in command.
The Eight Views (or Vistas) of Danyang  (Hangeul: 단양팔경, Hanja: 丹陽八景) are the selected natural scenes of Danyang County, Chungcheongbuk-do in Korea.
A polariton laser is a novel type of laser source that exploits the coherent nature of Bose condensates of exciton-polaritons in semiconductors to achieve ultra-low threshold lasing.In 1996, Imamoglu et al. proposed such a novel type of coherent light source and explained the concept based on an effect closely related to Bose–Einstein condensation of atoms: A large number of bosonic particles (here: polaritons) form a condensate in a macroscopically occupied quantum state via stimulated scattering. The condensate of polaritons finally provides coherent emission of light. Thus, it is a coherent light source that owns a different working mechanism compared to conventional laser devices. Owing to its principle, a polariton-laser promises a more energy-efficient laser operation. The typical semiconductor structure for such a laser consists of an optical microcavity placed between distributed Bragg reflectors.
An early demonstration of polaritonic lasing and a comparison to conventional lasing was achieved in 2003 by H. Deng et al. at Stanford University under optical excitation (Polaritonic condensation was later fully linked to dynamical Bose–Einstein condensation in 2006 by Kasprzak et al.). However, electrical pumping of a polariton laser—crucial for a practical use of polaritonic light sources—was not demonstrated until 2013 when the first and unambiguous demonstration of an electrically pumped polariton-laser was presented by a team of researchers from the University of Michigan and by a team from University of Würzburg together with their international partners using the similar techniques.At this stage, the electrically driven device operates at very low temperatures around 10 K and needs a magnetic field applied in the Faraday geometry. In 2007, even room temperature operation of an optically pumped polariton laser was demonstrated, promising the development of future electrically pumped polariton lasers for room temperature application.
It is important, and challenging, to distinguish polaritonic lasing from conventional (photonic) lasing, owing to the similar emission characteristics. A crucial element of the success by both teams lies in the hybrid nature of polaritons whose matter component (excitons) exhibits a sensitive response to an external magnetic field. The Michigan team led by Pallab Bhattacharya used a combination of modulation doping of the quantum wells in the active region, to enhance polariton-electron scattering, and an external magnetic field to enhance the polariton-phonon scattering and the exciton -polariton saturation density. With these measures they achieved a comparably low polariton lasing threshold of 12 A/cm2 (published in Physical Review Letters in May 2013). The investigations performed by the team in Würzburg, having started with the idea of engineering an electrical device in 2007, led to the desired effect after a few years in cooperation with their international partners from the U.S., Japan, Russia, Singapore, Iceland and Germany. Finally, their studies were complemented by a crucial experiment in a magnetic field: an unambiguous verification of the emission-mode's matter component in the polaritonic laser regime was given, yielding a first-time experimental demonstration of an electrically pumped polariton laser by C. Schneider, A. Rahimi-Iman and co-authors in the team of S. Höfling (published in Nature in May 2013).
On June 5, 2014, Bhattacharya's team succeeded in creating what's believed to be the first polariton laser that is fueled by electric current as opposed to light, and also works at room temperature, rather than far below zero.
Ratenelle is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
The Brisbane River Classic ('BRC') is a yearly fishing tournament held on the Brisbane River in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It is held usually in November or December each year and is the only fishing tournament to be held on the Brisbane River. The 2008 tournament saw the changing of the Longest Shark and Longest Catfish categories, into Photo and Release categories. The other categories are Longest Bream, Best Miscellaneous and Junior BRC (Best Miscellaneous). The 2009 tournament saw the introduction of a new category, Longest King Threadfin.The tournament sparked debate in the 2007 Brisbane River Classic fishing tournament with the winning entry for the Heaviest Shark a record-sized 2.9m bull shark. It is believed that the shark was the largest caught in the river. It was weighed but the scales registered to only 200 kg and is estimated to have been 250 kg to 300 kg. The tournament has now introduced Photo and Release entry methods.
Luis Frangella (July 6, 1944 – December 7, 1990) was an Argentinian figurative post-modern painter and sculptor associated with the expressionist painting of the Lower East Side of New York City in the 1980s. He received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1982. He died of AIDS in 1990.
The Tiyanak (also Tianak or Tianac) is a vampiric creature in Philippine mythology that takes on the form of a toddler or baby. Although there are various types, it typically takes the form of a newborn baby and cries in the jungle to attract unwary travelers. Once it is picked up by an unfortunate passerby, it reverts to its true form and attacks the victim. The tiyanak is also depicted to take malevolent delight in leading travelers astray, or in abducting children.
On 31 December 2018 at 20:52 GMT, three people were stabbed in a knife attack at Manchester Victoria station. A man and woman in their 50s and a British Transport Police officer were seriously injured. The perpetrator, Mahdi Mohamud, was originally detained under the Mental Health Act, was sentenced to life imprisonment in a high-security psychiatric hospital. Witnesses reported the he shouted "Allah" during the attack and "Allahu Akbar" after being arrested. He appears to have acted alone.
RiAFP refers to an antifreeze protein (AFP) produced by the Rhagium inquisitor longhorned beetle. It is a type V antifreeze protein with a molecular weight of 12.8 kDa; this type of AFP is noted for its hyperactivity. R. inquisitor is a freeze-avoidant species, meaning that, due to its AFP, R. inquisitor prevents its body fluids from freezing altogether. This contrasts with freeze-tolerant species, whose AFPs simply depress levels of ice crystal formation in low temperatures. Whereas most insect antifreeze proteins contain cysteines at least every sixth residue, as well as varying numbers of 12- or 13-mer repeats of 8.3-12.5kDa, RiAFP is notable for containing only one disulfide bridge. This property of RiAFP makes it particularly attractive for recombinant expression and biotechnological applications.
Kyee Myat Thaw Martar (Burmese: ကြီးမြတ်သောမာတာ) is a 2020 Burmese drama television series. It aired on MRTV-4, from January 6 to February 12, 2020, on Mondays to Fridays at 20:45 for 28 episodes.
Agnieszka Urszula Dygant (born 27 March 1973) is a Polish actress. She is a two-time Telekamery Award winner for Best Actress.
Chet Baker Sings is the debut vocal album by jazz musician Chet Baker, released in 1954 by Pacific Jazz Records. In 2001, the album received the Grammy Hall of Fame Award. Baker would return to selections from this album throughout his career. "My Funny Valentine" was regularly included in his concert performances, and is considered by some to be his signature song.
Yedoma (Russian: Едома) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Yedoma, Leshukonsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, a village in Leshukonsky Selsoviet of Leshukonsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast
Yedoma, Pinezhsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, a village in Kevrolsky Selsoviet of Pinezhsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast
Yedoma, Vologda Oblast, a selo in Zheleznodorozhny Selsoviet of Sheksninsky District of Vologda Oblast
Tagata Jinja-mae Station (田県神社前駅, Tagata Jinja-mae-eki) is a railway station in the city of Komaki, Aichi Prefecture,  Japan, operated by Meitetsu.
Justus Strid (born 29 April 1987) is a retired Danish figure skater. He is the 2012 Golden Spin of Zagreb bronze medalist, a three-time Nordic silver medalist, and a seven-time Danish national champion.
A design statement is a report required under English and Welsh planning law that sets out, illustrates and justifies the process that has led to the development proposals. It is required to be submitted to accompany a planning application.
The DCLG circular 01/2006 and the Planning and Compulsory Purchase Act 2004, compulsorily requires applicants to provide a Design & Access Statement as part of any planning application from 10 August 2006. This includes outline planning applications.
The Union for Woolwich Staff was a trade union representing workers at the Woolwich Building Society in the United Kingdom.
The union was founded in 1979 as the Woolwich Independent Staff Association.  In 1999, it became known as the "Union of Woolwich Staff", and affiliated to the Trades Union Congress.  In 2002, it merged into the UNIFI trade union, mirroring the purchase of the Woolwich by Barclays Bank.
The Jammu and Kashmir Constitution Act (S. 1996, 1939 AD;  Act No. XIV of S. 1996) was promulgated by Hari Singh, the Maharaja of the princely state of Jammu and Kashmir. The 78 sections detailed the kings' powers including his relationship with the executive, legislature and judiciary. Inspired by the British, a High Court was formed along with judicial advisors to the king. The law minister during this period was Justice Sir Lal Gopal Mukherjee.
The Faust House is a historic house at 114 Richmond Hill in West Helena, Arkansas.  It is a single-story wood-frame structure, finished in brick.   It has porch extending across its entire front facade, supported by brick columns and spandrels, and topped by a ceramic tile roof.  The house is locally significant as one of the finest Spanish Mission style houses in West Helena.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The USSR Academy of Medical Sciences (Russian: Акаде́мия медици́нских нау́к СССР) was the highest scientific and medical organization founded in the Soviet Union founded in 1944.Its successor is the Russian Academy of Medical Sciences founded in 1992, and is a part of the Russian Academy of Sciences since 2013.
The British Mid-Heavyweight Championship was a top British wrestling championship found throughout the country's circuit. The title's history dates back to 1952 and runs to the present day. Officially mid-heavyweights were required to weigh between 14 st 2 lb and 14 st 12 lb (89.81 and 94.35 kg). The title was recognised as official by national TV network ITV for the purposes of their coverage of the UK wrestling scene and by its listings magazine TVTimes in accompanying magazine feature coverage.
The Restoration of Chaos & Order is the fourth album released by American punk rock band Against All Authority.
Life Is Wild is an American serial drama television series adapted by Michael Rauch, George Faber and Charlie Pattinson from the popular British drama Wild at Heart. The show is about a New York veterinarian who moves his second wife and their two sets of children to a South African game reserve run by his former father-in-law.
Produced by CBS Paramount Network Television and Company Pictures, the series was officially green-lit by The CW and given a thirteen-episode order on May 15, 2007. The series premiered on October 7, 2007, and aired every Sunday night at 8:00PM Eastern/7:00PM Central, following a repeat of Aliens in America.  In Canada on the pay TV channel E! as a mid-season replacement.  In Europe on pay TV in the  United Kingdom on the Hallmark Channel and Greece on August 1, 2011 on Skai TV. In South America on the pay TV Warner Channel.  In New Zealand weekdays during the 2009 Christmas holiday period on TV3 in a daytime slot.
The show was canceled in February 2008 due to low ratings.
The Chicago River is a tributary of the east bank of the middle part of the Rivière du Gouffre, flowing in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in the province from Quebec, to Canada. The course of this river flows through the regional county municipalities (MRCs) of:
Charlevoix-Est: in the town of La Malbaie and the municipality of de Notre-Dame-des-Monts;
Charlevoix Regional County Municipality: in the municipality of Saint-Hilarion.The lower part of this valley is served by a forest road for the needs of forestry. The intermediate part is served by chemin du rang Sainte-Philomène and chemin du rang de Chicago Est. The upper part is served by route 138. Agriculture and forestry are the main economic activities in this valley.
The surface of the Chicago River is generally frozen from the beginning of December until the beginning of April; however, safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to the end of March. The water level of the river varies with the seasons and the precipitation; the spring flood generally occurs in April.
Kevin Wilkin (born 1 October 1967) is an English manager and former professional footballer. He is the current manager of Brackley Town.
Australachalcus is a genus of flies in the family Dolichopodidae. It is very closely related to the genus Achalcus, in which some of its species were originally placed. The name Australachalcus ("southern Achalcus") refers to the southern hemisphere, where the genus reaches its highest levels of species richness.
Gotland Brigade (MekB 18) (Swedish: Gotlandsbrigaden), was a Swedish Army armoured brigade within the Swedish Armed Forces and acted in different forms between 1949 and 2000. The main parts of the basic training were held at the Gotland Regiment (P 18) within the Gotland Garrison in Visby, Gotland.
Quatipuru is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil.
Prince Ludwig Philipp Maria Friedrich Joseph Maximilian Antonius Ignatius Lamoral of Thurn and Taxis, full German name: Ludwig Philipp Maria Friedrich Joseph Maximilian Antonius Ignatius Lamoral, Prinz von Thurn und Taxis, also Louis Philippe (2 February 1901, Regensburg, Kingdom of Bavaria – 22 April 1933, Schloss Niederaichbach, Niederaichbach, Bavaria, Germany) was a member of the House of Thurn and Taxis and a Prince of Thurn and Taxis by birth.
Lysipomia lehmannii is a species of plant in the family Campanulaceae. It is endemic to Ecuador.  Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Acrisure Arena is a multi-purpose 10,000-seat indoor arena under construction in Thousand Palms, California, a city in Coachella Valley. The arena broke ground on June 2, 2021, on 43.35 acres of unincorporated land near Palm Desert, between Interstate 10 and the Classic Club golf course. The arena is expected to be complete in late 2022 and will be the home arena for the Coachella Valley Firebirds of the American Hockey League.
Auguste Toussaint (1911–1987) was the Archivist in Chief of Mauritius and an historian of his island, Mascarene Islands and Indian Ocean.
Nicholas John Turner is a British chemist and a Professor in the Department of Chemistry at The University of Manchester. His research in general is based on biochemistry and organic chemistry, specifically on biotechnology, cell biology, biocatalysis and organic synthesis.
Osvaldo Lara Cañizares (born July 13, 1955 in Havana) is a retired male track and field sprinter from Cuba, who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union. He reached both 100/200 finals where he finished 5th in the 100. And 8th in the 200.
In 1984 he missed the Los Angeles Olympics due to the boycott, but he competed at the Friendship Games in Moscow, where he won the 100 metres.
New York State Route 150 (NY 150) is a north–south state highway in Rensselaer County, New York, in the United States. The southern terminus of the route is at NY 9J in Castleton-on-Hudson. Its northern terminus is at a junction with NY 66 in the hamlet of Wynantskill, located within the town of North Greenbush.
The Line Islands, Teraina Islands or Equatorial Islands (in Gilbertese, Aono Raina) are a chain of 11 atolls (with partially or fully enclosed lagoons) and coral islands (with a surrounding reef) in the central Pacific Ocean, south of the Hawaiian Islands. The island chain stretches northwest to southeast across 2,350 kilometres (1,460 miles), making it one of the longest island chains in the world. One of the islands in the group, Kiritimati, has the largest land area of any atoll in the world. (One of the reefs, Filippo Reef, is shown on some maps, but its existence is doubted.) Of the 11 islands, all of which were formed by volcanic activity, only the Kiritimati and Tabuaeran atolls and Teraina Island have a permanent population. Eight of the islands are part of Kiribati. The remaining three—Kingman Reef (which is largely submerged), Palmyra Island and Jarvis Island—are United States territories grouped with the United States Minor Outlying Islands.
The International Date Line passes through the Line Islands. The ones that are part of Kiribati are in the world's farthest forward time zone, UTC+14:00. The time of day is (UTC-10.00), the same as in the state of Hawaii, in the United States, but the date is one day ahead of Hawaii. The time in the Line Islands is 26 hours ahead of some other islands in Oceania, such as Baker Island, which uses UTC−12:00.
William Buller Fagg  (28 April 1914 – 10 July 1992) was a British curator and anthropologist. He was the Keeper of the Department of Ethnography at the British Museum (1969–1974), and pioneering historian of Yoruban and Nigerian art, with a particular focus on the art of Benin.
The Mountain of the Cannibal God (Italian title: La montagna del dio cannibale) is a 1978 Italian horror film starring Ursula Andress and Stacy Keach, with English dialogue, that was filmed in Sri Lanka. The film was also widely released in the U.S. in 1979 as Slave of the Cannibal God from New Line Cinema and released in the U.K. as Prisoner of the Cannibal God, with a poster designed by Sam Peffer. The film was banned in the U.K. until 2001 for its graphic violence and considered a "video nasty".
The  Wilhelmina-ring is a bi-annual lifetime achievement award granted to a prominent Dutch sculptor. The price is initiated in 1998 by the Foundation Wilhelmina-ring to memorize that year Wilhelmina of the Netherlands was inaugurated as queen 100 years earlier.By awarding the prize the Foundation Wilhelmina-ring want to encourage the interest in Dutch sculpture. The prize consists of a specially designed ring, an exhibition at the CODA art center in Apeldoorn, and a commission by the municipality of Apeldoorn to produce an sculpture, to be placed in the Sprengen Park.
Samuel Ancell (ca. 1760 – 19 October 1802) was an English soldier and military writer.
Maor Tiyouri (Hebrew: מאור טיורי; born 13 August 1990) is an Israeli Olympic long-distance runner, former national record holder of Israel in the  5000 metres, and a three-time Israeli national champion – in the 1,500 m and 5,000 m in 2013, and the 1500 m in 2015.
Apollonius (Ancient Greek: Απολλώνιος), the son of Archias, was an Athenian sculptor around the 1st century. He made the bronze head of the young hero, which was found at Herculaneum and is engraved in the Mus. Hercul. i. tab. 45. It bears the inscription, ΑΠΟΛΛΟΝΙΟΣ ΑΠΧΙΟΥ ΑΘΗΝΑΙΟΣ ΕΠΩΗΣΕ. It probably belongs to the period about the birth of Jesus.
Matilde Zimmermann (born September 6, 1943) is an American author and professor who ran as the Socialist Workers Party candidate for United States Vice President in 1980. The party had three different presidential candidates that year, Andrew Pulley, Richard H. Congress and Clifton DeBerry depending on the state. She was at the time a writer for the party newspaper The Militant. Zimmermann also ran as an alternate vice presidential candidate for Andrea Gonzales in some states in 1984; Melvin T. Mason was the presidential candidate.
Zimmermann (PhD History 1998) is the Residente Director of SLC (Sarah Lawrence College) in Cuba and is a faculty member in History and Global Studies at SLC. She has been based in Havana the last two fall semesters (2003 and 2004) as director of SLC in Cuba. Because of the U.S. restrictions on undergraduate academic programs in Cuba, Sarah Lawrence is now the only program of U.S. students at the University of Havana.
Serhiy Pichuhin (Ukrainian: Сергій Пічугін; Russian: Сергей Пичугин; born 13 March 1961) is a Ukrainian Olympics sailor that represented the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics and Ukraine in the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.
"La voce del silenzio" (Italian: [la ˈvoːtʃe del siˈlɛntsjo]; English: "The Voice of Silence") is a 1968 song composed by Elio Isola (music), Paolo Limiti and Mogol (lyrics). The song premiered at the 18th edition of the Sanremo Music Festival with a double performance of Tony Del Monaco and Dionne Warwick, placing at the 14th place with 28 points achieved (that is, last of the finalists).
William Ussher (1718-1780) was an 18th-century Irish Anglican priest.Ussher was born in County Armagh and educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He was ordained deacon in 1741 ; and priest in 1742. He held incumbencies at Kilmactalway and  Clondalkin. He was appointed Archdeacon of Glendalough in 1752 and resigned in 1760.
The Journal of Insect Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal of entomology. It is published by the Indian Society for the Advancement of Insect Science since 1988. The journal is edited by Balbir Singh Joia.
Bar Paly (Hebrew: בר פאלי; born Varvara Alexandrovna Paley; Russian: Варвара Александровна Палей, (1982-04-29)April 29, 1982) is an Israeli-American actress and model.
Lourdes Casal (April 5, 1938 – February 1, 1981) was an important poet and activist for the Cuban community. She was internationally known for her contributions to psychology, writing, and Cuban politics. Born and raised in Cuba, she sought exile in New York because of Cuban communist rule. Casal received a master's degree in psychology in 1962 and later, a doctorate in 1975 from the New School for Social Research. She wrote the book El caso Padilla: literatura y revolucion en Cuba, which illustrated the failing relationship between writers and Cuban officials. A year later, she co-founded a journal named Nueva Generation which focused on creating dialogue on relationships between Cubans living abroad and on the island. Casal earned notoriety by attempting to reconcile Cuban exiles in the United States. She was instrumental in organizing a dialogue between Cuban immigrants and Fidel Castro, which led to the release of thousands of Cuban prisoners. She was the first Cuban-American to receive the Casa de las Américas Prize, which was awarded to her posthumously in 1981.
The Patristicum, officially the Augustinian Patristic Institute (Latin: Institutum Patristicum Augustinianum), is a pontifical institute in Rome, under the supervision of the Order of Saint Augustine. It is an incorporated institute of the Pontifical Lateran University. It is responsible for the study of patristic theology, the history and theology of the Church Fathers.
In motorsport, a safety car, or a pace car, is an automobile which limits the speed of competing cars or motorcycles on a racetrack in the case of a caution period such as an obstruction on the track or bad weather. The aim of the safety car is to enable the clearance of any obstruction under safer conditions, especially for marshals and/or await more favourable track conditions weather-wise.
During a caution period the safety car (which generally consists of an aptly modified high-performance production car) enters the track ahead of the leader. Depending on the regulations in effect, competitors are not normally allowed to pass the safety car or other competitors during a caution period, and the safety car leads the field at a pre-determined safe speed, which may vary by series and circuit. At the end of the caution period, the safety car leaves the track and the competitors resume normal racing. The first reliance on this safety measure occurred with the deployment of a pace car during the inaugural Indianapolis 500 in 1911.
Ceàrr was the first album by the Celtic rock band Mill a h-Uile Rud.  Ceàrr was the first CD of all-new Gaelic songs ever released and was also the first CD produced with exclusively Gaelic liner notes.  Runrig's album Play Gaelic was the first album of all-Gaelic music in a modern, rock and roll style, but along with new compositions, featured rock re-workings of several traditional songs, and Oi Polloi's EP, Carson?, it was the first vinyl album of all-new rock compositions in Gaelic.  Ceàrr is also notable for its sexual themes and strong obscenity; a rarity in the ultra-conservative modern Gaelic music scene.  The name of the album means wrong in Gaelic, and the band chose this name as a statement of their belief that you should use Gaelic, even if you don't feel entirely confident in the language.
The National Democratic Alliance is a political party in Trinidad and Tobago. It was formed in July 2006 by an alliance of the National Democratic Party of Micheal Sims, the Democratic Party of Trinidad and Tobago led by Steve Alvarez, the National Alliance for Reconstruction led by Carson Charles,
The latter two entities had previously been part of a grouping called the Democratic National Alliance in June 2006, which had also included the Democratic National Assembly (DNA), the Grassroots Foundation and independent MP Gerald Yetming. When the DNA withdrew from the alliance and the NDP joined it the grouping renamed itself the National Democratic Alliance.
The Democratic National Alliance was under the interim leadership of former United National Congress politician Gerald Yetming, with Steve Alvarez (leader of the DPTT) as Deputy Chairman, Hugh Wooding Thomas as Secretary, Afra Raymond, (NAR Political Leader) Carson Charles as Policy officer and Hilda Goodial as Elections officer.
In September 2006, Yetming joined the newly formed Congress of the People led by Mr. Dookeran. He advised that other NDA members follow him. In late October the Grassroots Foundation followed Yetming and joined the COP.
On 3 October 2006 the NDA announced that it would continue to exist as a party separate from the Congress of the People. Carson Charles was elected Political Leader and Hilda Goodial was elected Chairman.
On 10 July 2007 it was announced that the Constituent parties of the NDA namely the DPTT, NDP and the NAR would be joining with the United National Congress in a new formation titled the UNC/Alliance. The Tobago branch of the NAR announced that it was not part of this new formation.
Shijingshan District (simplified Chinese: 石景山区; traditional Chinese: 石景山區; pinyin: Shíjǐngshān Qū) is an urban district of the municipality of Beijing. It lies to the west of the urban core of Beijing, and is part of the Western Hills area, bordering the districts of Haidian to the northeast and east, Fengtai to the south, and Mentougou to the west. The district consists of 9 subdistricts of Beijing's city proper.
Although the hills around Yunju Temple may also be called Shijingshan, they have Chinese characters different from those of the district and hence are unrelated to Shijingshan District.
It is 86 square kilometres (33 sq mi) in area, making it one of the smaller districts in the greater urban part of Beijing (the immense Mentougou District to the west of it dwarfs Shijingshan District), and is home to 489,439 inhabitants (2000 Census). Its postal code is 100043.
The Little Man Computer (LMC) is an instructional model of a computer, created by Dr. Stuart Madnick in 1965. The LMC is generally used to teach students, because it models a simple von Neumann architecture computer—which has all of the basic features of a modern computer.  It can be programmed in machine code (albeit in decimal rather than binary) or assembly code.The LMC model is based on the concept of a little man shut in a closed mail room (analogous to a computer in this scenario). At one end of the room, there are 100 mailboxes (memory), numbered 0 to 99, that can each contain a 3 digit instruction or data (ranging from 000 to 999). Furthermore, there are two mailboxes at the other end labeled INBOX and OUTBOX which are used for receiving and outputting data. In the center of the room, there is a work area containing a simple two function (addition and subtraction) calculator known as the Accumulator and a resettable counter known as the Program Counter. The Program Counter holds the address of the next instruction the Little Man will carry out. This Program Counter is normally incremented by 1 after each instruction is executed, allowing the Little Man to work through a program sequentially. Branch instructions allow iteration (loops) and conditional programming structures to be incorporated into a program. The latter is achieved by setting the Program Counter to a non-sequential memory address if a particular condition is met (typically the value stored in the accumulator being zero or positive).
As specified by the von Neumann architecture, any mailbox (signifying a unique memory location) can contain either an instruction or data. Care therefore needs to be taken to stop the Program Counter from reaching a memory address containing data - or the Little Man will attempt to treat it as an instruction. One can take advantage of this by writing instructions into mailboxes that are meant to be interpreted as code, to create self-modifying code. To use the LMC, the user loads data into the mailboxes and then signals the Little Man to begin execution, starting with the instruction stored at memory address zero. Resetting the Program Counter to zero effectively restarts the program, albeit in a potentially different state.
Land Office (also known as Morristown Library) is a historic office building located at Morristown in St. Lawrence County, New York.  It is a 1+1⁄2-story limestone building with a pedimented roof built about 1821.  It was the land office for the Chapman family until 1904, when it was deeded to the village for use as a public library.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Ajoy Kumar Dutta is an Indian social worker from the northeast Indian state of Assam. He is a Guwahati-based activist who is associated with several non governmental organizations working in the state. A former municipal  councillor at the Guwahati Municipal Corporation, he successfully contested the Assam Assembly Elections of 1978 as a Janata Party candidate defeating Nandeshwar Talukdar of the Communist Party of India by polling close to 34 percent of the total votes polled, and represented the Guwahati East constituency in the Assembly. The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2016, for his contributions to society.
The 1969 Irish general election was held on Wednesday, 18 June 1969. The newly elected members of the 19th Dáil assembled at Leinster House on 2 July when the new Taoiseach and government were appointed. The general election took place in 42 parliamentary constituencies throughout Ireland for 144 seats in the lower house of parliament, Dáil Éireann.
Rowley Faust (21 February 1899 – 24 June 1959) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Bobby Stark (January 6, 1906 – December 29, 1945) was an American jazz trumpeter. 
Stark started playing music at age 15 and played piano, clarinet, saxophone, and alto horn before deciding on trumpet. In the mid-1920s he played with June Clark (1925), Edgar Dowell, Leon Abbey, Duncan Mayers, Bobbie Brown, Bobby Lee, Billy Butler, Charles Turner, McKinney's Cotton Pickers, and Chick Webb, the last in 1926-27.From 1927 to 1933, he played in Fletcher Henderson's Orchestra as a featured soloist. He returned to duty under Chick Webb behind Taft Jordan from 1934 to 1939. After Webb's death, he remained in the orchestra, now under the direction of Ella Fitzgerald. In 1940, he left the group to freelance. In 1942-43, he served in the Army. Sharp then played with Garvin Bushell (1944) and Benny Morton shortly before his death, in New York, at the age of 39. He never led his own recording session.
Jennie N. Wheatley (born 1939) is a writer and historian from the British Virgin Islands. A long-standing member of the country's intellectual community, she has worked to preserve and share the islands' history and culture.
Kankalabé  is a town and sub-prefecture in the Dalaba Prefecture in the Mamou Region of western Guinea.
Mahishadal Girls' College, established in the year 1969, is the only women's college in the Purba Medinipur district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
From 1993 to 2005, the Marlins Television Network aired games to homes not only in South Florida but to other parts of Florida. The network was produced by the same crew that telecast Marlins games on cable television. When Fox Sports Florida signed an exclusive long-term deal for Marlins baseball starting in the 2006 season, that signaled the end of the Marlins Television Network as a majority of those telecasts would air on Sun Sports.
The Kashmir Klub was a non-profit making, live music club that operated in central London, England between 1997 and 2003. It was located at 6 Nottingham Place, in the basement of a restaurant and bar called "Fabrizio" at the "Baker and Oven".The club was started in November 1997 by musician and early Iron Maiden member Tony Moore to provide a different approach to discovering, developing and promoting the best signed and unsigned artists available, and to create a "fertile, creative and spontaneous" atmosphere. The name was inspired by the Led Zeppelin track  "Kashmir". Moore loved the track and also the band. He said "It seemed to me that Led Zeppelin covered nearly every genre of music in their time, from rock to acoustic. So I thought "The Kashmir Klub" would be perfect."
Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was a German Orthodox rabbi and kabbalist, born in Frankfurt am Main in 1753 to Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer and his second wife (daughter of Rabbi Nathan Otiz, rabbi of Bamberg).
He led his father's yeshiva in Mainz as its Rosh Yeshiva from 1778 until 1782, taking over from his brother Rabbi Mechel Scheuer. In 1811 he became Rabbi of Mainz where he died on October 10, 1822. He is known for his halakhic ruling against the use of an organ in synagogues in the book Eleh Dibre ha-B'rit (Altona 1819).
The Lord of the Rings: Gollum is an upcoming action-adventure game developed by Daedalic Entertainment and co-published by Daedalic Entertainment and Nacon. It is based on The Lord of the Rings and follows the character of Gollum before the events of The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit. The game is scheduled for release for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S consoles in 2022.
A Trivision, also called three-message sign, is a billboard/sign that consists of triangular prisms placed inside a frame. The prisms rotate 120°, each showing a new message of advertisement and/or information. As implied, three individual images, or messages, can be displayed on a Trivision.The Trivision is most commonly used as a commercial sign and is used both indoors and outdoors. Trivision billboards are commonly found along highways and in city centers. The changing messages on the rotating prisms are intended to catch the attention of its viewer. Many individual studies that have been made in different countries, shows that the movement within a Trivision attracts attention and increases brand impact.The basic principle was used to change scenes in ancient Greek theatre with wooden prism devices known as Periaktos.
The first U.S. patent using this principle in a motorized display was issued in 1901. In 1950 many suppliers existed in USA. Today the product exists all over the world and can be built in all size and shapes such as curved, giant sizes, city format, on walls, in landscape format, portrait format, and over bridges.
The sign can be used on-demand, meaning the correct message will appear when the command is given to the sign. Commonly these signs are used in traffic and often called “Variable Message Sign” (VMS). A VMS can be used for directional, speed limit, warning, parking guidance and toll booths. The VMS can also be used in advertising for applications, such as morning- and/or evening-messages.
Other names of this sign include: Tri-Face, Three Message Sign, Prismavision, Prismatic displays, Rotapanel.
Heinz Karrer (born 10 May 1959) is a Swiss handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Firestorm is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Ronnie Raymond and Martin Stein fused together debuted as the first incarnation in Firestorm, the Nuclear Man #1 (March 1978) and were created by Gerry Conway and Al Milgrom. Jason Rusch debuted as a modern update of the character in Firestorm (vol. 3) #1 (July 2004), and was created by Dan Jolley and ChrisCross.
Firestorm was featured in The CW's Arrowverse, portrayed by Robbie Amell, Victor Garber, and Franz Drameh (as Jax Jackson) mainly in The Flash and Legends of Tomorrow.
Reichardia ligulata is a species of plants in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family (Asteraceae) native to the Canary Islands (Tenerife, Grand Canaria and La Palma) where it grows on rocky coastal slopes and cliffs.
Haydock Park Racecourse is a racecourse in Merseyside, North West England. Within the boundaries of the historic county of Lancashire, the racecourse is set in an area of parkland bounded by the towns of Haydock to the west, Ashton-in-Makerfield to the north, Golborne to the east and Newton-le-Willows to the south. Horse racing had been run in Newton for many years (the great racemare Queen of Trumps won at Newton in 1836), and the venue was also used for hare coursing in the 1880s. The current racecourse was opened in 1899. Much of the course's early development was overseen by Sydney Sandon, who served as course secretary, chairman and managing director in the early 20th century.
The following is a partial list of minor planets, running from minor-planet number 459001 through 460000, inclusive. The primary data for this and other partial lists is based on JPL's "Small-Body Orbital Elements" and "Data Available from the Minor Planet Center". A detailed description of the table's columns and additional sources are given on the main page including a complete list of every page in this series, and a statistical break-up on the dynamical classification of minor planets.
Also see the summary list of all named bodies in numerical and alphabetical order, and the corresponding naming citations for the number range of this particular list. Note that new namings may only be added to this list after official publication, as the preannouncement of names is condemned by the Working Group Small Body Nomenclature of the International Astronomical Union.
Charles Abel Buffum (January 30, 1870 – October 1936) was an American businessman and politician. In 1904, with his brother, Edwin E. Buffum, he moved to Long Beach, California and purchased a store that would grow into Buffum's Department Stores chain. He served as the fifth mayor of Long Beach, California from 1921 to 1924.
Laços de Sangue (lit. Blood Ties) is a Portuguese-Brazilian telenovela which broadcast on SIC from September 2010 to October 2011. It is a co-production between SIC and Brazilian Rede Globo. Laços de Sangue won the International Emmy Award for Best Telenovela in 2011.
Villers-sur-le-Roule (French pronunciation: ​[vilɛʁ syʁ lə ʁul]) is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Kohl's is an American department store retail chain, operated by Kohl's Corporation. As of February 2013 it is the largest department store chain in the United States, with 1,158 locations, operating stores in every U.S. state except Hawaii. The company was founded by Polish immigrant Maxwell Kohl, who opened a corner grocery store in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1927. It went on to become a successful chain in the local area, and in 1962 the company branched out by opening its first department store. British American Tobacco Company took a controlling interest in the company in 1972 while still managed by the Kohl Family, and in 1979, the corporation was sold to BATUS Inc.  A group of investors purchased the company in 1986 from British American Tobacco and took it public in 1992.
Kohl's is headquartered in the Milwaukee suburb of Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin. It became the largest department store chain in the United States in May 2012, surpassing its biggest competitor J. C. Penney. The company is listed on both the S&P 400 and the Fortune 500. In terms of revenue, the chain was the 23rd-largest retailer in the United States in 2019. As of 2013, Kohl's was the second-largest U.S. department store company by retail sales.
Mazar-e Bi Abeh (Persian: مزاربي ابه, also Romanized as Mazār-e Bī Ābeh; also known as Mazār-e Bī Āb and Mazār-e Bī Ābī) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 117, in 26 families.
Marc Tarabella (born 11 March 1963) is a Belgian politician and
Member of the European Parliament for the French Community of Belgium with the Parti Socialiste, part of the Socialist Group and sits on
He is a substitute for the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and a vice-chair of the Delegation for relations with the countries of Southeast Asia and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
In January 2021, he became a member of the Italian left-wing party Article One.
The University of Nebraska at Omaha (Omaha or UNO) is a public research university in Omaha, Nebraska. Founded in 1908 by faculty from the Omaha Presbyterian Theological Seminary as a private non-sectarian college, the university was originally known as the University of Omaha. Originally meant to provide a Christian-based education free from ecclesiastical control, the university served as a strong alternative to the city's many successful religiously affiliated institutions.Since the year 2000, the university has more than tripled its student housing and opened a 450-bed student dormitory and academic space on its south campus in 2017. It has also recently constructed modern facilities for its engineering, information technology, business, and biomechanics programs. UNO currently offers more than 200 programs of study across 6 different colleges and has over 60 classroom, student, athletic, and research facilities spread across 3 campuses. It is classified among "R2: Doctoral Universities – High research activity".The Omaha Mavericks compete in 15 NCAA Division I sports in both the NCHC and Summit League conferences. The ice hockey, basketball, and volleyball teams compete in the new Baxter Arena located on the university's Center street campus. Softball and baseball facilities are currently under construction. UNO enjoyed national attention in 2015, when its men's hockey team reached the national semifinal (Frozen Four) of the NCAA tournament for the first time.
Independiente Santa Fe is an association football club based in Bogotá, that competes in the Categoría Primera A, the top level football league in Colombia. Santa Fe was founded on February 28, 1941, and played its first league match on 15 August 1948, in a 2–2 draw with Deportes Caldas. As of 2014, Santa Fe is one of the teams never to have been relegated from the top level of Colombian football.The club has won the Categoría Primera A 7 times, the Copa Colombia 2 times and the Colombian Superliga 1 time. The next table details the club's achievements since its formation in 1941.
Munster Training Area (German: Truppenübungsplatz Munster) is a military training area in Germany on the Lüneburg Heath. It comprises two separate areas with different purposes: Munster North (Munster-Nord) (size: 102 square kilometres (39 sq mi)) and Munster South (Munster-Süd) (size: 74 square kilometres (29 sq mi)). The two areas are separated geographically by the town of Munster and several barracks. When the military training area was established a camp or Lager was built about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) from the town centre which became known as Munsterlager. 
Between Munster North and South there is a road corridor to the nearby training area of Bergen-Hohne over which exercising troops can transfer from one area to the other.
There are many rare and endangered plant species on this terrain today that thrive in the environment created by the training area.
Jarvis Joseph Astaire, OBE (6 October 1923 – 21 August 2021) was a British sports executive, boxing promoter, and film producer.
The Prosecutor’s Office of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Bosnian: Tužilaštvo Bosne i Hercegovine, Croatian: Tužiteljstvo Bosne i Hercegovine, Serbian: Тужилаштво Босне и Херцеговине; abbreviated as the Prosecutor’s Office of BiH in English) is a domestic prosecutor of the State of Bosnia and Herzegovina which includes international prosecutors. It was established in October 2002 by the Parliament of Bosnia and Herzegovina with the Law on the Court of BiH and promulgated on August 2002 by the High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Music Time is a British educational television programme that primarily focused on music as part of the BBC Schools strand from 23 September 1970 to 18 March 1991. It was first presented by Mari Griffith and Ian Humphris from 1970 to 1972, it was then presented by Kathryn Harries and Peter Combe from 1977 to 1981, and finally presented by Jonathan Cohen and Helen Speirs from 1983 to 1991. It first aired on BBC1 from 1970 to 1981, and then aired on BBC2 from 1983 to 1991.
The Grandmaster (En Dwi Gast) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in The Avengers #69. The Grandmaster is one of the ageless Elders of the Universe and has mastered most civilizations' games of skill and chance. Different media appearances depict him as the brother of the Collector.
Jeff Goldblum portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Thor: Ragnarok (2017) and in a cameo during the closing credits of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017), and will reprise the role in Thor: Love and Thunder (2022). Additionally, Goldblum voices alternate universe versions in the animated series What If...? (2021).
Iraqi Army Soldiers, Iraqi Police and Marines completed Operation Arbead II in Fallujah 18 January. The operation to detain members of a murder and intimidation cell within the Mualimeen, Ardaloos and Risalah-Jubayl Districts was led by Iraqi forces with support from the Marines of Regimental Combat Team 5.
During the operation, Soldiers of the 1st Iraqi Army Division's 2nd Brigade, members of the Fallujah Police Department and Marines from RCT-5 detained 36 individuals suspected of coordinating insurgent attacks against Iraqi Security Forces or Coalition Forces. Five of the detainees have been positively identified as persons of special interest according to intelligence reports.
"This operation was a necessity in order to eliminate a threat to the Iraqi citizens of these districts," said Lt. Col. Daniel T. Thoele, Military Transition Team advisor to 2nd Brigade. "The combined operation was a success and it demonstrates that Iraqi Security Forces are eager in continuing these operations to ensure that their communities are safe and secure."
"It was less than two years ago when there were about three thousand Marines stationed inside Fallujah," said Coalition Forces spokesperson 1st Lt. Barry L. Edwards. "But now, with the Iraqi Army as capable as they are and the growing number of police taking responsibility for security in the city, there are only a hundred or so Marines here serving as advisors."
There were no reports of civilians or Coalition Forces injured or killed as a result of the operation.
Ossama Mohammed (Arabic: أسامة محمد; born 21 March 1954) is a Syrian film director and screenwriter. His film, The Box of Life, was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.He is currently living in exile in Paris, where he collaborated on Silvered Water, Syria Self-Portrait.
Reliance is an unincorporated community located on the border of the U.S. states of Maryland and Delaware. The Maryland side of the community has portions in Caroline and Dorchester counties, while the Delaware side is located within Sussex County. Reliance is along Delaware Route 20 and Maryland Route 392 at the junction with Maryland Route 577, west of Seaford. It was previously known as Johnson's Crossroads.
The Academy for the Middle Years (AMY) Northwest Middle School, formerly the William Levering School, is a historic middle school located in the Roxborough neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is part of the School District of Philadelphia.
The school consists of two distinct buildings. The original section was built in 1894–1896 and is a 2+1⁄2-story, five-bay, stone building with a hipped roof in the Colonial Revival style. A three-story addition was built immediately to the south of the first building in 1928–1929. It is a brick and stone Art Deco-style building designed by Irwin T. Catharine. Both buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.In 2012, the School Reform Commission of the Philadelphia School District closed it as an elementary school; it then reopened as a selective admission middle school, AMY Northwest.
Gasselternijveen is a town in the Dutch province of Drenthe. It is a part of the municipality of Aa en Hunze, and lies about 20 km east of Assen.
In 2001, the town of Gasselternijveen had 1570 inhabitants. The built-up area of the town was 1.0 km², and contained 646 residences.
The statistical area "Gasselternijveen", which can also include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 1870.
St Mary's Church is a redundant Anglican church standing in open countryside in the former village of South Cowton, near Scotch Corner in North Yorkshire, England.  It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
Pa Pitt, originally "Father Pitt", has been a personification of the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania since the 1890s. Numerous editorial cartoonists have depicted "Pa Pitt" over the years, notably Pittsburgh Post-Gazette cartoonist Cy Hungerford.
A 1906 article by Raymond Gros lists seven cartoonists who had already drawn a 'Father Pitt', including Fred Johnston of the Leader whom Gros credits as creating 'Father Pitt' in 1897 to replace an earlier personification, 'Miss Pittsburgh'. Historian J. Cutler Andrews credited a different Leader journalist, Arthur G. Burgoyne, with creating the character. Burgoyne himself claimed that "On November 5, 1895, Father Pitt was born. He was my offspring."
2nd Chance is the third album by Oxide & Neutrino, released on 11 June 2007. The album was delayed and tied up for a while after their label Sanctuary Records imploded and was absorbed by Universal Music Group. The album is self-released on their newly formed label Kemistree and Fizzicks.
The Ruthless Four (Italian: Ognuno per sé, lit. 'Everyone for Himself') is a 1968 Western film directed by Giorgio Capitani and starring Van Heflin.
Neomallodon arizonicus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Neomallodon.
Leslie Paul Kozak (born October 28, 1940) is a Canadian former ice hockey player who played 12 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Toronto Maple Leafs during the 1961–62 season, also spending the season with the Rochester Americans of the minor American Hockey League. Prior to turning professional Kozak spent three seasons with the Toronto St. Michael's Majors of the Ontario Hockey Association.
Bears are carnivoran mammals of the family Ursidae. They are classified as caniforms, or doglike carnivorans.  Although only eight species of bears are extant, they are widespread, appearing in a wide variety of habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere and partially in the Southern Hemisphere. Bears are found on the continents of North America, South America, Europe, and Asia. Common characteristics of modern bears include large bodies with stocky legs, long snouts, small rounded ears, shaggy hair, plantigrade paws with five nonretractile claws, and short tails.
While the polar bear is mostly carnivorous, and the giant panda feeds almost entirely on bamboo, the remaining six species are omnivorous with varied diets. With the exception of courting individuals and mothers with their young, bears are typically solitary animals. They may be diurnal or nocturnal and have an excellent sense of smell. Despite their heavy build and awkward gait, they are adept runners, climbers, and swimmers.  Bears use shelters, such as caves and logs, as their dens; most species occupy their dens during the winter for a long period of hibernation, up to 100 days.
Bears have been hunted since prehistoric times for their meat and fur; they have been used for bear-baiting and other forms of entertainment, such as being made to dance. With their powerful physical presence, they play a prominent role in the arts, mythology, and other cultural aspects of various human societies. In modern times, bears have come under pressure through encroachment on their habitats and illegal trade in bear parts, including the Asian bile bear market. The IUCN lists six bear species as vulnerable or endangered, and even least concern species, such as the brown bear, are at risk of extirpation in certain countries. The poaching and international trade of these most threatened populations are prohibited, but still ongoing.
Luigi Luca Cavalli-Sforza  (pronounced [luˈiːdʒi ˈluːka kaˈvalli ˈsfɔrtsa]; 25 January 1922 – 31 August 2018) was an Italian geneticist. He was a population geneticist who taught at the University of Parma, the University of Pavia and then at Stanford University.
The Bukit Jalil Sports School (BJSS) (Malay: Sekolah Sukan Bukit Jalil, SSBJ) is the first sports school in Malaysia. The school is located at the National Sports Complex compound in Bukit Jalil, Kuala Lumpur.
Sekolah Sukan Bukit Jalil was opened in 1996 and the pioneers were only Form One and Form Four students.
Ex-sprinter and former Sportswoman of the Years Marina Chin became head teacher in 2007.
The Basque separatist group Euskadi Ta Askatasuna (ETA) prepared an attack on the then King of Spain Juan Carlos I in the summer of 1995. As a proponent of the former fascist government and representative, perceived by the ETA as a "suppressor of the Basque", he was the organization's goal.
Juan Carlos spent his holidays at Mallorca. A three-man ETA command had rented an apartment in Palma de Mallorca in the district of Porto Pí. From there it is possible to see the part of the harbor where the holiday yacht of Juan Carlos I was located. In the apartment, the ETA command had a Mauser precision rifle, caliber 7.62 with silencer, riflescope, bipod and Dum-Dum projectiles ready. A sniper would shoot the king on his motor yacht about 250 meters away. The coup was eventually discovered, resulting in the arrest of the command in August 1995 by the special unit of the Spanish police (GEO).
In the ensuing trial of the suspects, they denounced the king as the chief perpetrator of the "oppression" of the Basques; they called for a vote on the independence demands of ETA.In 2009, ETA also committed several attacks in Mallorca. In the middle of the high season, two civil servants of the Civil Guard were killed and several passers-by injured. A few days later, King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofía would visit the Marivent Palace eight kilometers from the point of attack.In 2015, the confiscated sniper rifle and other utensils of the case were part of a counter-terrorism exhibition organized by the National Police in the Military History Center in Majorca.
Nathan Coe is an Australian businessman, and the CEO of Auto Trader Group.
Coe earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Sydney.Coe worked for PwC and Telstra, before joining Auto Trader in 2007. He joined the board of directors as chief operating officer (COO) in April 2017, and became chief financial officer (CFO) in July 2017.In April 2019, it was announced that Coe would succeed Trevor Mather as CEO when he retires on 31 March 2020.
The Brockhole Lake District Visitor Centre, also known as the Brockhole National Park Visitor Centre, is a visitor centre and tourist attraction managed by the Lake District National Park Authority. It is situated on the shore of Lake Windermere, roughly equidistant between the towns of Bowness-on-Windermere and Ambleside. It includes the Brockhole house and 30 acres (12 ha) of grounds, including 10 acres (4.0 ha) of formal gardens and an adventure playground. The centre organises a number of activities, including orienteering, kayaking and open water swimming, as well as regular exhibitions.Entrance to the centre and its grounds is free of charge, although a charge is made for car parking.
Etna is an unincorporated community located in western Box Elder County, Utah, United States, five miles southwest of Grouse Creek. It lies at an elevation of 5,223 feet (1,592 m).Originally called West Fork, Etna was settled in 1875 by Valison and Alma C. Tanner. The permanent name of Etna was later chosen by a local mail carrier.
Oluwole Babafemi Familoni is a Professor of Chemistry at the University of Lagos and member of the Governing Council of the Institute of Chartered Chemists of Nigeria. Between 2000 and 2002, he was the Sub-Dean of the Faculty of Science of the University of Lagos. He was appointed the Head of the Department of Chemistry between 2002 and 2005. He later became the Dean of Science between 2008 and 2012.  He is a fellow of the Nigerian Academy of Science, elected into the academy's fellowship at its Annual General Meeting held in January 2015. He is currently the Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Academic and Research) of University of Lagos. Professor Familoni is the International Representative for Royal Society of Chemistry, London for Southern Nigeria.
Neocalanus is a genus of marine copepods. They are a dominant component of the open water ecosystems of the northern Pacific Ocean. Neocalanus are large copepods, reaching body lengths (i.e., prosome length) of more than 8 mm (0.31 in) in Neocalanus plumchrus.
Jilya was a Palestinian Arab village in the Ramle Subdistrict of Mandatory Palestine. The Romans referred to it as Jilya by Galla.   It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War by the Givati Brigade of the first stage of Operation Dani on July 9, 1948. It was located 17 km south of Ramla.
Donald Chumley (born March 14, 1962) is a former American football defensive tackle who played one season with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL) in the 12th round of the 1985 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Georgia and attended Groves High School in Garden City, Georgia.
Himeka Onoda (born 5 March 1998) is an Australian group rhythmic gymnast who represented Australia at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Real Time Opera (RTO) is a performing arts organization dedicated to the production of new opera. Founded in 2002, it is based in Contoocook, New Hampshire  and Oberlin, Ohio and produces opera across the United States, engaging professional singers and a range of instrumental ensembles for performances at a wide variety of venues.
The Leavitt-Riedler Pumping Engine (1894) is a historic steam engine located in the former Chestnut Hill High Service Pumping Station, in Boston, Massachusetts. It has been declared a historic mechanical engineering landmark by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. The pumping station was decommissioned in the 1970s, and turned into the Metropolitan Waterworks Museum in 2011. 
The engine drew steam from a coal-fired boiler, and had a pump valve mechanism which allowed its high-speed operation at a hydraulic head of 128 feet (39 m). 
The engine was designed by engineer Erasmus Darwin Leavitt, Jr., of Cambridge, Massachusetts, with a pump valve invented by Prof. Alois Riedler of the Royal Technical College of Charlottenburg (now the Technical University of Berlin) in Berlin, Germany. It was built by N. F. Palmer Jr. & Co. and the Quintard Iron Works, in New York. 
In 1894, it was installed as Engine No. 3 of the Chestnut Hill High Station, later named the Boston Water Works. At its normal speed of 50 revolutions per minute, it pumped 25 million gallons of water in 24 hours. According to Carol Poh Miller, when first brought into operation, the engine attracted national attention as "the most efficient pumping engine in the world".The engine was taken out of service in 1928 but remains in its original location and it is open for public viewing as an exhibit in the Metropolitan Waterworks Museum.
Suffolk University, Dakar Campus was a division of Suffolk University (of Boston, Massachusetts) in Dakar, Senegal. It was located on the grounds of the École Nationale d'Économie Appliquée (ENEA). The spring 2011 semester concluded its operations, with some students transferring to Boston to complete their studies.
Église Saint-Maurice (in English, St. Maurice Church) is a Roman Catholic church in Annecy, France.
It is the oldest church in Annecy. It was originally built as a chapel of a Dominican convent in 1422, sponsored by Cardinal Jean-Allarmet de Brogny.The church has a Gothic style architecture. Chapels are built in different parts of the nave by noble families or artisan corporations from 1478 onwards, forming the present lower sides of the church. Notably, there is a 15th-century "trompe-l'œil" painting to the left of the choir.The building is designated as a national monument in 1957.
Bilston Central is a tram stop in Bilston near Wolverhampton, England. It was opened on 31 May 1999 and is situated on Midland Metro Line 1.
The stop is in the brick-lined former Great Western Railway cutting in the centre of the town, and is next to Bilston bus station. The platforms here are staggered, with the Birmingham platform being further north than the Wolverhampton platform, this was made necessary by the narrowness of the cutting.
The tram stop is a short distance to the north from the original Bilston Central railway station which was situated on the Birmingham Snow Hill-Wolverhampton Low Level Line and closed in 1972.
The 2015 Intrust Super Cup was the PNG Hunters second season in the Queensland Cup.
The En Concert Tour was the first concert tour of the French recording artist Alizée. It started at the famous Olympia music hall in Paris. The tour was generally well received although not all of the concerts sold out. The original plan had 43 dates but two of them got cancelled. Near the end of the tour, one extra concert date was added to bring the tour back to Paris, this time at the huge Zénith de Paris music hall. She also had one concert in both Switzerland and Belgium. With the two cancelled and one added date, the total number of concerts held was 42.
Grębów [ˈɡrɛmbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozdrażew, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Rozdrażew, 16 km (10 mi) north of Krotoszyn, and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Megasoma punctulatum is a species of rhinoceros beetle in the family Scarabaeidae.
The mesonephric duct (also known as the Wolffian duct, archinephric duct, Leydig's duct or nephric duct) is a paired organ that forms during the embryonic development of humans and other mammals and gives rise to male reproductive organs.
Knut Hallberg is a Swedish football manager. He was Djurgårdens IF manager in 1959 together with Birger Sandberg.
Gadiv Petrochemical Industries Ltd. גדיב תעשיות פטרוכימיה בע"מ, is an Israeli petrochemical company, part of Bazan Group owned by Israel Corporation Ltd. Gadiv offices are located in Haifa, Israel. The company manufactures and markets over 500 thousand tons of petrochemical products each year including aromatics, aliphatic solvents and intermediates for the chemical, pharmaceutical, plastic and food industries. Gadiv is wholly owned by Oil Refineries Ltd.
Antone is both a surname and a masculine given name. Notable people with the name include:
The Åkerblom Movement was an evangelical movement often described as a sect active in Finland in the late 1910s and early 1920s. The movement was most active in Swedish speaking Ostrobothnia, but it attracted people also in the south of Finland. The leader of the movement was the young girl Maria Åkerblom from the village of Snappertuna in Uusimaa.
The sect has its roots in Snappertuna in 1917, when it is said that twelve-year-old Maria Åkerblom received prophesies from God. Åkerblom was struck by sickness and as she fell asleep, she started to preach. She delivered her speeches in trance as a so-called "sleeping preacher". This happened several times, and Åkerblom became famous. Services with Åkerblom preaching became more and more popular and her reputation spread throughout Finland. She started to travel around in Finland preaching. 
Åkerblom's sermons attracted most people in the northern parts of Ostrobothnia, especially in the Kokkola-region and the village of Teerijärvi. In the beginning no problems occurred as the movement started spreading in the region. Later, though, the members of the movement were accused of several different crimes, for instance shooting a policeman, stealing and physical violence.
The movement grew larger in the early 1920s, in spite of all the accusations made against it. The leaders of the movement decided that all the members should sell all their belongings and give it to the sect. The movement's aim was to move to the holy land of Israel.
The Åkerblom Movement did not make it that far, though. In the 1920s it fell apart because of all the accusations and trials it went through. Some members remained close to Maria Åkerblom, but the vast majority returned to normal life.
Pseudotyphlopasilia is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Staphylinidae.Species:
Marie al-Khazen (1899–1983) was a Lebanese photographer. The photographs she created of rural life in 1920s Lebanon are considered to constitute a valuable and unique record of their time and place.
The Rally of the Ecologists of Senegal (Rassemblement des écologistes du Sénégal – Les Verts) is a political party in Senegal.
At the legislative elections of 3 June 2007, the party won 1.00% of the popular vote and 1 out of 150 seats.
Cornisepta antarctica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.
Trigger finger, also known as stenosing tenosynovitis, is  a disorder characterized by catching or locking of the involved finger in full or near full flexion, typically with force. There may be tenderness in the palm of the hand near the last skin crease (distal palmer crease). The name "trigger finger" may refer to the motion of "catching" like a trigger on a gun. Most commonly the ring finger or thumb is affected.The problem is generally idiopathic (no known cause). There may be an association with diabetes. The pathophysiology is enlargement of the flexor tendon and the A1 pulley of the tendon sheath.  While often referred to as a type of stenosing tenosynovitis (which implies inflammation) the pathology is mucoid degeneration. Mucoid degeneration is when fibrous tissue such as tendon has less organized collagen, more abundant extra-cellular matrix, and changes in the cells (fibrocytes) to act and look more like cartilage cells (chondroid metaplasia). Diagnosis is typically based on symptoms and signs after excluding other possible causes.Initial treatment is generally with rest, splinting the finger, NSAIDs, or steroid injections. If this is not effective surgery may be used. Trigger finger is relatively common. Females are affected more often than males. Those in their 50s and 60s are most commonly affected. The condition was formally described in 1850.
Erik Hoffmann (born 22 August 1981) is a Namibian professional road bicycle racer. He was born in Windhoek. He moved to University of Stuttgart, Germany in 2001 to study Electrical Engineering. During 2002 - 2004, he was part of Team Stuttgardia Stuttgart and ever since has been active in professional bicycle racing.
A line marker is a device or machine with which lines or markings are drawn on a sports field or pitch. They were originally developed to mark out lawn tennis courts on grass, but later also became used in many other sports with outdoor pitches. The marked lines are often white, but may be any color. A variety of devices have been used, some of them now being robotically controlled.
The 1952 UCI Road World Championships took place in Luxembourg, Luxembourg between 23–24 August 1952.
Elm Thicket (or Ellum Thicket; also known as Elm Thicket/Northpark) is a primarily residential neighborhood in North Dallas, Texas near Love Field airport and the neighborhoods of Love Field, Bluffview, Greenway Parks, University Park and Highland Park.
For most of its history, the historical Elm Thicket/North Park area, has been predominantly an African American community.
Luke Hemmerich (born 9 February 1998) is a German footballer who plays as a right-back. Currently he plays for Preußen Münster.
ITA Award for Best Actor in a Negative Role is an award given by Indian Television Academy Awards for TV serials, to recognize a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a negative role, that is in the role of an antagonist.
The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion.
The 1953 competitions for men, ladies, pair skating, and ice dancing took place from February 8th to 15th in Davos, Switzerland.
Piney Orchard Nature Preserve is a 45-acre protected wetland forest with several miles of improved trails located in southern Odenton, Maryland. The Preserve is surrounded by 1,500 acres of river woodland between the residential communities of Piney Orchard, Two Rivers, Woodwardville, and Amberfield. Piney Orchard Nature Preserve is bordered by the Patuxent Research Refuge to the west, the Little Patuxent River to the south, and the Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis Trail to the east.Initiated in 1987, Constellation Real Estate (an Exelon Corporation subsidiary) started restoration of wetlands along the Little Patuxent River that had been mined for sand and gravel during the 1940s and '50s and remained deserted and unrestored. The mitigation projects--a term used for this type of restoration--followed five phases to replace wetlands filled in by the development of the 4,000-unit Piney Orchard residential community, which included the formation and enhancement of five large ponds and planting of native trees, shrubs, and grasses. The Army Corps of Engineers, which oversees such mitigations, monitored the progress of the project sites until 1995, when the projects were determined successful and completed. In 1996 the Piney Orchard Nature Preserve was officially opened to all residents of Anne Arundel County, and has been managed since 2005 by the Piney Orchard Community Association.Over 575 species of plants and animals have been reported in Piney Orchard Nature Preserve, which sustains a wide diversity of wildlife in wetland, woodland, and grassland habitats. Around 165 species of birds refuge in the Preserve, 26 species of which are threatened or endangered, including bald eagles, bitterns (heron family), cormorants (ocean divers), grebes (lake divers), harriers (eagle family), hawks (eagle family), herons (pond fishers), juncos (a.k.a. 'snowbirds'), mergansers (pond divers), merlins (falcon family), and teals (aquatic). Only 1,000 feet separate Patuxent Research Refuge from Piney Orchard Nature Preserve, separated by the train tracks of the Amtrak Northeast Corridor; thus unofficially the smaller Preserve is an unincorporated portion of the larger Refuge, which supports a similar and larger set of native flora and fauna around 3,300 species.The 5 miles of biking and hiking trails in Piney Orchard Nature Preserve connect to the regional 10-mile Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis Trail that joins the national 6,800-mile American Discovery Trail--spanning coast-to-coast from California to Delaware.
The school service centre (French: centre de services scolaire) is the model of public french school self-governance, which replaced school boards in 2020, in the province of Québec (Canada), appointed by the Ministry of Education.
Stephen John Zahursky (born September 2, 1976 in Euclid, Ohio) is a retired professional American football player who played offensive lineman for three seasons for the Cleveland Browns (1999–2000) and the Jacksonville Jaguars (2001).
Parasnath is a mountain peak in the Parasnath Range. It is located towards the eastern end of the Chota Nagpur Plateau in the Giridih district of the Indian state of Jharkhand, India. The hill is named after Lord Parshvanatha, the 23rd Tirthankara.
The Sydney River is a short river located in Cape Breton County, Nova Scotia, Canada. Historically, it was also referred to as the Spanish River from the 18th century French name for its estuary, Baie d’Espagnols. It separates the communities of Coxheath and Westmount, on the north bank of the river, from Howie Centre, Sydney River, and Sydney on the south and east banks.
Sydney River rises in Blacketts Lake and runs 12.5 km (7.8 mi) to its mouth, between the Westmount shore near Amelia Point and Battery Point on the Sydney shore, at the South Arm of Sydney Harbour, draining a watershed of 140 km2 : 6  south of the crest of the Coxheath Hills.  The river is an estuary for the last 7 km (4.3 mi) below the "Sysco Dam" in the community of Sydney River. The dam was constructed in 1902, converting the stretch of river immediately above the dam from a tidal estuary to a freshwater reservoir lake.: 6  Its watershed contains more than 2000 homes.The Sydney River valley is glacial with thick deposits, kames, eskers and outwash gravels creating a series of shallow lakes connected by narrow channels.  This low valley was a traditional canoe portage used by the Mi'kmaq for travelling between Sydney Harbour and the East Bay of Bras d'Or Lake. The river is one of only two Canadian watersheds with a known population of the yellow lampmussel. The lampmussel is found above the dam constructed in 1902,: 6  which increased the area of freshwater habitat suitable for lampmussel in the watershed.: 8 
Phi Alpha Delta Law Fraternity, International (ΦΑΔ or P.A.D.) is the largest professional law fraternity in the United States. Founded in 1902, P.A.D. has since grown to 717 established pre-law, law, and alumni chapters and over 330,000 initiated members. Application for membership to Phi Alpha Delta is available to undergraduate students, law school students, lawyers, judges, and politicians. Four of the sitting Justices of the United States Supreme Court are members of P.A.D. From 1964 to 1968, Tom C. Clark, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, served as Supreme Vice Justice of the Fraternity. Seven U.S. Presidents have likewise been members of P.A.D.
William Lorne Nimmo (June 18, 1917 – February 22, 2011) was a television and radio personality whose career spanned seven decades.
Nicolás Martínez Vargas (born 19 March 1991) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a forward for Antigua GFC.
Paweł Jan Bejda (born 13 October 1962 in Łowicz) is a Polish politician. From 2015 he has served as a member of the Sejm, the lower house of the Polish parliament. Previously, from 2012 through 2014, he had been the appointed deputy governor of one of Poland’s 16 provinces, the central voivodeship of Łódź .
Wonder is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer Shawn Mendes. It was released by Island Records on December 4, 2020. Its production was handled by Mendes, Frank Dukes, Kid Harpoon and Scott Harris, among others. The album was preceded by Shawn Mendes: In Wonder, a 2020 Netflix documentary capturing Mendes' off-stage life.
Upon release, Wonder received generally favourable reviews from music critics, most of whom noted Mendes' vocal improvements, but were polarized over the album's production and songwriting, deeming them predictable and formulaic. Wonder debuted at number one in Canada and the United States. Three singles supported the album: "Wonder", "Monster" with Justin Bieber, and "Call My Friends", with the former two reaching the top 20 of the US Billboard Hot 100. The album's lead single, "Wonder," peaked at number 18 on the Hot 100, and reached the top ten in several other countries. The second single, "Monster," reached number eight on the US Hot 100 and topped the Canadian Hot 100. To promote the album, Mendes is slated to embark on the Wonder World Tour, commencing in March 2022 in Europe.
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) was established in 1998 and is the electoral body which oversees elections in Nigeria.
Przywory [pʂɨˈvɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Czastary, 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Wieruszów, and 102 km (63 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
Włodzimierz Bartoszewicz  (3 July 1899 – 8 August 1983) was a Polish painter. He was born in Lviv. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Eulimella gofasi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Eduard Liviu Bartales (15 May 1954 – 28 November 2013) was a Romanian footballer.His father was an Italian named Nicola Bartelli who settled in Romania, but the Communist authorities made him change his name to Nicolae Bartales, in order to "sound more Romanian". Eduard Liviu Bartales died on 28 November 2013, aged 59, in Bucharest, Romania. His funeral took place on 1 December at the Cimitirul Străuleşti.
The Drayton Plains State Fish Hatchery was the second fish hatchery opened by the State of Michigan Department of Natural Resources (previously known as the Michigan Conservation Department).  It was established in 1903 and originally named Drayton Plains Station.  The name was officially changed to Drayton Plains State Fish Hatchery in 1934.The Drayton Plains State Fish Hatchery was opened along the Clinton River on Mill Street (later Hatchery Road)
in what was then Drayton Plains, Michigan (now Waterford Township).  Its purpose was to raise bass fingerlings on its 18-acre site.
The Drayton Plains State Fish Hatchery was listed as a Michigan Historic Site on August 24, 1984.
OpenVReg (short for Open Voltage Regulator) is a Nvidia power supply specification. It is an industrial first attempt to standardize both the package and pinout for low voltage DC-DC switching regulators.
The goal of OpenVReg is to enable packaging and pinout compatibility across multiple sources of similar devices with a single common PCB footprint and layout. OpenVReg defines the basic operation, the minimum set of features, the electrical interface and the mechanical requirements necessary to implement compliant devices.
Non-conflicting pinout definitions: additional features are allowed but do not conflict with the base feature set.
Mechanically compatible package: devices do not exceed the volume defined in the mechanical specification.The current OpenVreg development focuses exclusively on DC-DC regulators and controllers. Future version may add definition for other types of devices. The current three OpenVReg regulator types are Type 0, Type 2 and Type2+1.
West Beirut (French: West Beyrouth (À l'abri les enfants); Arabic: بيروت الغربية (Beyrouth Al Gharbiyya)) is a 1998 Lebanese drama film, written and directed by Ziad Doueiri. The film was selected as the Lebanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 71st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Arthur C. Morgan (1904–1994) was an American sculptor, mostly of Louisiana political and business figures. Morgan's work can be seen across his home state of Louisiana and in the Capitol Visitor Center, Washington, DC. He and his wife Gladys B. Morgan ran an art school, the Southwestern Institute of Arts, in their Shreveport home for over forty years.
The Pontiac Vibe is a compact car that was sold by Pontiac from 2002 to 2010. It was jointly developed by General Motors along with Toyota, who manufactures the mechanically similar Toyota Matrix. Manufactured by the Toyota-GM joint venture NUMMI in Fremont, California, the Vibe succeeded the Chevrolet Prizm in production at NUMMI and like the Prizm, it was derived from the Toyota Corolla, making it the last of the GM and Toyota developed S-body cars.
From 2002 to 2004, a rebadged right-hand drive variant of the Vibe was exported as the Toyota Voltz to the Japanese domestic market. The Voltz was not popular in Japan and was discontinued after two model years.
Production of the Vibe ended in 2009 with the discontinuation of the Pontiac brand and the closing of NUMMI under the General Motors Chapter 11 reorganization. Its twin, the Toyota Matrix, was in production for another three years for the American market and four years for the Canadian market, as the Matrix was manufactured by Toyota Motor Manufacturing Canada in Cambridge, Ontario, and was unaffected by NUMMI closing down operation.
010 is the debut studio album by the rock band Ulysses. The album was recorded using one microphone and released in monaural audio (instead of the standard stereo sound that most modern albums take advantage of). This is because the songs on the album were originally intended to be demos, but the band were so satisfied with the performances that only a few overdubs were added for the album release.
Dalibor Karvay is a Slovak violinist and pedagogue at Musik und Kunst Privatuniversität der Stadt Wien.
The Speelman Baronetcy, of the Netherlands, is a title in the Baronetage of England. It was created on 9 September 1686 for the two-year-old Cornelis Speelman, who later became a General in the Dutch Army. At the same time his mother was given the rank of the widow of a baronet.  Speelman was the only son of Johan Cornelis Speelman (1659-1686) and a grandson of Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies Cornelis Speelman (1628–1684). Johan died before the letters patent intended to create him a baronet had passed the Great Seal. The sixth Baronet was Burgemeester of the city of Harlingen in the Netherlands. 
In 1817, Sir Cornelis Speelman, the 3rd Baronet, was raised into the Dutch nobility by King Willem I of the Netherlands. Since then all his descendants belong to the untitled nobility with the Dutch honorific title Jonkheer, with inheritance in male line. This noble family became extinct with the 8th and last baronet in 2005.
Ben Kane (born 22 March 1983) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Australian Football League (AFL) between 2003 and 2006.
Ahatlı is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.  It is 175 km distant from Antalya
city center and 15 km to Kaş, both important centers of tourism in Turkey.
A system bus is a single computer bus that connects the major components of a computer system,
combining the functions of a data bus to carry information, an address bus to determine where it should be sent or read from, and a control bus to determine its operation.  The technique was developed to reduce costs and improve modularity, and although popular in the 1970s and 1980s, more modern computers use a variety of separate buses adapted to more specific needs.
The system level bus (as distinct from a CPU's internal datapath busses) connects the CPU to memory and I/O devices.
Typically a system level bus is designed for use as a backplane.
Digital variance angiography (DVA) is a novel image processing method based on kinetic imaging, which allows the visualization of motion on image sequences generated by penetrating radiations. DVA is a specific form of kinetic imaging: it requires angiographic image series, which are created by X-ray or fluoroscopic imaging and by the administration of contrast media during various medical procedures. The resulting single DVA image visualizes the path of contrast agent with relatively low background noise. Between 2017 and 2019, two clinical studies have been performed to investigate the clinical usability of DVA and these studies have found that it has the potential to be used for low-dose radiographic imaging and carbon-dioxide angiography in the future.DVA is currently under development by Kinetic Health Ltd. and Semmelweis University (Budapest, Hungary).
I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and was Shot by the Taliban is an autobiographical book by Malala Yousafzai, co-written with Christina Lamb. It was published on 8 October 2013, by Weidenfeld & Nicolson in the UK and Little, Brown and Company in the US. The book details the early life of Yousafzai, her father's ownership of schools and activism, the rise and fall of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan in Swat Valley and the assassination attempt made against Yousafzai, when she was aged 15, following her activism for female education. It received a positive critical reception and won awards, though it has been banned in many schools in Pakistan.
Patma-Banasirakan Handes (Armenian: Պատմա-Բանասիրական Հանդես (ՊԲՀ, PBH); Russian: Историко-филологический журнал, Istoriko-Filologicheskii Zhurnal; "Historical-Philological Journal") is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Armenian National Academy of Sciences. It covers research on Armenian history (particularly material related to the ancient and medieval periods), art history, literature, and linguistics. The journal also publishes discussions and debates, book reviews and also has special sections devoted to science news and Armenian Diasporan affairs. It occasionally publishes obituaries and biographies and commemorates the lives of noted scholars involved in Armenian studies. 
It was established in 1958 by academician Mkrtich G. Nersisyan, who was the journal's first editor-in-chief until his death in 1999. According to Razmik Panossian "it became a trend-setting journal for historians, linguists, philologists and for scholars in the humanities in general. This influential journal brought together all branches of Armenian studies, systematically consolidating research on culture, ancient law and philosophy, architecture, language and history."Most articles that were published in Armenian during the Soviet era included a Russian abstract, while those articles published in Russian had an Armenian abstract. In recent years, following Armenia's independence in 1991, most articles have come to include English abstracts.
The journal's archives have recently undergone digitalization and articles can now be accessed from its official website. The current editor is Vardkes Mikayelyan.
"Duck and cover" is a method of personal protection against the effects of a nuclear explosion. Ducking and covering is useful at conferring a degree of protection to personnel located outside the radius of the nuclear fireball but still within sufficient range of the nuclear explosion that standing upright and uncovered is likely to cause serious injury or death. In the most literal interpretation, the focus of the maneuver is primarily on protective actions one can take during the first few crucial seconds-to-minutes after the event, while the film by the same name and a full encompassing of the advice, also caters to providing protection up to weeks after the event.
The countermeasure is intended as an alternative to the more effective target/citywide emergency evacuation when these crisis relocation programs would not be possible due to travel and time constraints. Maneuvers similar, but not identical, to Duck and Cover are also taught as the response to other sudden destructive events, the maneuvers that are advisable in an earthquake or tornado, in the comparable situation where preventive emergency evacuation is similarly not an option, again, due to time constraints. In these analogously powerful events, Drop, Cover and Hold on likewise prevents injury or death if no other safety measures are taken.
As a countermeasure to the lethal effects of nuclear explosions, Duck and Cover is effective in both the event of a surprise nuclear attack, and during a nuclear attack of which the public has received some warning, which would likely be about a few minutes prior to the nuclear weapon arriving.
Sir William John Haley, KCMG (24 May 1901 – 6 September 1987) was a British newspaper editor and broadcasting administrator.
The De Croo Government is the incumbent Federal Government of Belgium, led by Prime Minister Alexander De Croo since 1 October 2020.
Sulfolobaceae are a family of the Sulfolobales belonging to the domain Archaea. The family consists of several genera adapted to survive environmental niches with extreme temperature and low pH conditions.
Emilio Turati (27 October 1858 – 23 September 1938) was an Italian entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera. He is not to be confused with Ernesto Turati and Gianfranco Turati.
Count Emilio Turati wrote 67 scientific papers mainly on the Lepidoptera of Italy and the Mediterranean area. He described many new taxa. Turati was a friend of Attilio Fiori. His collection is shared between the Turin Museum of Natural History, Tyrolean State Museum and the Natural History Museum London.
Primary elections, often abbreviated to primaries, are a process by which voters can indicate their preference for their party's candidate, or a candidate in general, in an upcoming general election, local election, or by-election. Depending on the country and administrative divisions within the country, voters might consist of the general public in what is called an open primary, or solely the members of a political party in what is called a closed primary. In addition to these, there are other variants on primaries (which are discussed below) that are used by many countries holding elections throughout the world.
The origins of primary elections can be traced to the progressive movement in the United States, which aimed to take the power of candidate nomination from party leaders to the people. However, political parties control the method of nomination of candidates for office in the name of the party. Other methods of selecting candidates include caucuses, conventions and nomination meetings.
Robert Longden (born 5 October 1951) is a British composer, librettist, director and film, stage and television actor whose career has spanned four decades. In 1974 he took over the role of Riff Raff from Richard O'Brien in the original production of The Rocky Horror Show; later with Hereward Kaye he wrote the West End musical Moby Dick.
Maurice Vanderschueren, better known as Maurice Vander (born 11 June 1929, Paris, died 16 February, 2017) was a French jazz keyboardist.Vander worked in the 1950s with Don Byas, Django Reinhardt, Bobby Jaspar, Jimmy Raney, Stephane Grappelli, Chet Baker, and Kenny Clarke. He won the Prix Django Reinhardt in 1962. In the 1960s he was a session musician for Roger Guerin, Pierre Gossez, and Boulou Ferré, and played with Claude Nougaro and Ivan Jullien. He played with Baker again in the late 1970s and with Johnny Griffin; his later work included performing and recording with Clarke, Richie Cole, Art Farmer, and Benny Powell.
William Williams (April 8, 1731 – August 2, 1811) was an American Founding Father, merchant, a delegate for Connecticut to the Continental Congress in 1776, and a signatory to the United States Declaration of Independence.
Nina de Vries (born January 21, 1961 in IJmuiden, the Netherlands) is a Dutch sexual assistant who has lived and worked in Germany since 1990. She distinguishes between Sexual Assistance and Surrogate Partnership, terms which are commonly used interchangeably.  Over the years her focus has shifted to the work with severely disabled people as well as the education and training of sexual assistants. In addition, she is responsible for elderly care facilities and facilities in which people with different kinds of impairments have found a new home.
Indoor hockey at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Macau, China from 26 October to 3 November 2007.
The Cornish Guardian (founded 1901) is a weekly newspaper in Cornwall, England, UK, which is part of the Cornwall & Devon Media group. Its head office is in Truro and it is published in seven separate editions:
Wadebridge editionIn 2012, Local World acquired Cornwall & Devon Media owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust. In October 2015, Trinity Mirror (Now Reach plc) reached agreement with Local World's other shareholders to buy the company.
Ollie Wright (born 1 March 1999) is an English professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for USL Championship side San Antonio FC.
The Levina 1 was an Indonesian passenger ferry. On February 22, 2007, it caught fire, killing at least 51 people. Three days later, on February 25, it sank with a group of journalists and investigators on board, killing at least one more and leaving three missing.
Before We Were So Rudely Interrupted is a 1977 reunion album by the Animals. They are billed on the cover as the Original Animals.
S. R. Crown Hall, designed by the German-American Modernist architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, is the home of the College of Architecture at the Illinois Institute of Technology (Illinois Tech) in Chicago, Illinois.
Toni Cottura (born 7 June 1971), better known by his stage name Smooth T., is an Italian-born German Eurodance and hip-hop producer and rapper.
Broadwell is a village and civil parish in the English county of Gloucestershire. It is about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) north of Stow-on-the-Wold, In the 2001 United Kingdom census, the parish had a population of 384. decreasing to 355 at the 2011 census.The Church of England parish church of Saint Paul was built in the 12th and 13th centuries and restored in the 1860s.
Pattern Energy Group LP  is an American company that develops, owns and operates utility scale wind and solar power facilities in the United States, Canada, and Japan. It is headquartered in San Francisco, California with an operations center in Houston, Texas.
Landesgewerbeanstalt Bayern (LGA) is a certification company based in Nuremberg, Germany. It specializes in toy and furniture testing.
Head On is the debut album by English-based electronic duo Super Collider, consisting of producers Christian Vogel and Jamie Lidell. It was released in May 1999 by Loaded Records. The collaboration emerged in 1998 when the two producers began sharing the same studio in Brighton and soon began creating music together. Their initial work together produced the songs "Under My Nose" and "Darn (Cold Way O' Lovin')", the latter of which was a successful single. Nonetheless, the duo felt that those songs were too orthodox and wanted to work in a more innovative style for their debut album. They co-produced the album together, but the production process took a prolonged amount of time due to the large amount of editing work undertaken.
Taking influence from funk music, in particular the music of Sly Stone, Head On is an experimental techno record that combines Vogel's abstract production with the funk influences and Lidell's soulful but effects-heavy singing. Upon release, the album received critical acclaim, with journalists highlighting its distinctive sound. "It Won't Be Long" and "Take Me Home" were issued together as a double A-side single.
Cindana Hartono Kusuma (born 8 June 1976) is a retired Indonesian badminton player in the 90s and early 2000s. She won the women's singles gold medal at the 1999 Southeast Asian Games, and was part of the Indonesian women's winning team at the 1999 and 2001 Southeast Asian Games.
Asclepias amplexicaulis, the blunt-leaved milkweed, clasping milkweed, or sand milkweed, is a species of flowering plant in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae (Apocynaceae). It is endemic to the United States, where it is mostly found east of the Great Plains. It grows in dry prairies, savannas, open woods, and fallow fields, usually in sandy soil.
Room Experience is a rock album that was released in both a regular and a 500 copies sold out limited edition by Melodic Rock Records on 22 May 2015. It is distributed worldwide by Cargo Records UK.Vocals are led by David Readman (Pink Cream 69, Voodoo Circle), while renowned musicians from all over Europe (Ivan Gonzalez, Sven Larsson, Boris Matakovic amongst the others) make their guest appearances in the record.The album was produced by Davide Barbieri and Pierpaolo Monti, while star producer Alessandro Del Vecchio took care of mixing and mastering duties. It received enthusiastic reviews all over the world, being named as one of the best albums of 2015 by selected websites and magazines specialized in this kind of music.
Skills like This is a 2007 comedy film directed by Monty Miranda, written by Spencer Berger and distributed by Shadow Distribution released theatrically on March 20, 2009. The DVD released on November 17, 2009  and the Premium Cable premiere on Starz and Starz On Demand 1.1. 2010.  It stars Berger, Gabriel Tigerman, Kerry Knuppe and Brian D. Phelan.
Rufus B. Tebbetts  (10 Sep 1829) early settler of San Diego.
Tebbetts was born 10 Sep 1829 in New Hampshire and was living in Belknap County, New Hampshire in 1850. He died on 11 Aug 1886 in Pittsfield, NH.
By 1860 he was living in San Bernardino, California, but moved the same year to San Diego.
Tebbetts was on the San Diego County Board of Supervisors during 1860–1862.
Tebbetts was also president of the San Diego's Board of Trustees during 1860–1862, when San Diego did not have a Mayoral form of government.
Tebbetts brother George Parish Tebbetts was the last mayor before the office was abolished in 1852, and was also on the County Board of Supervisors.
In 1870 Tebbetts was living in Merrimack, New Hampshire and in 1880 he was living in Cameron, Missouri. Rufus B. Tebbetts was related to the Tebbit family of England, of which Norman Tebbit was also a politician.
Illinois Valley Central High School (also known as Chillicothe IVC, IVCHS, or simply IVC) is a public four-year high school located at 1300 West Sycamore Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, a city in Peoria County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States. IVCHS serves the communities of Chillicothe, Dunlap (small portion), Edelstein, Mossville, Peoria (small portion), and Rome. The campus is located 15 miles northeast of Peoria, Illinois, and serves a mixed city, village, and rural residential community.
Malik D. Evans is an American politician and banker who is the 71st and current Mayor of Rochester, New York. A member of the Democratic Party, Evans previously served on the Rochester City Council as an at-large member and on the Rochester City School Board including several years as its president.
Bojanov is a market town in Chrudim District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 600 inhabitants. It is situated in the of Iron Mountains on the river Chrudimka.
Revolutionary Socialism (Spanish: Socialismo Revolucionario) is a Trotskyist political party in Venezuela.  It was formerly affiliated to the Committee for a Workers' International.  The party publishes the newspaper El Militante.
Bourne Bridge railway station served Little Abington, Great Abington, Pampisford and Babraham in Cambridgeshire. It closed in 1851, along with its line which was one of the earliest line closures in England.
The site of the station was taken over for the construction of the Railway Inn public house. It is believed that the abandoned station was reconstructed around ten years after closure when it reopened as an inn to capitalise on the newly opened Pampisford railway station. What is more, it appears that approximately one-quarter to one-third of the inn comprised the actual brickwork of the station.
The Protein Structure Initiative (PSI) was a USA based project that aimed at accelerating discovery in structural genomics and contribute to understanding biological function. Funded by the U.S. National Institute of General Medical Sciences (NIGMS) between 2000 and 2015, its aim was to reduce the cost and time required to determine three-dimensional protein structures and to develop techniques for solving challenging problems in structural biology, including membrane proteins.  Over a dozen research centers have been supported by the PSI for work in building and maintaining high-throughput structural genomics pipelines, developing computational protein structure prediction methods, organizing and disseminating information generated by the PSI, and applying high-throughput structure determination to study a broad range of important biological and biomedical problems.
The project has been organized into three separate phases.  The first phase of the Protein Structure Initiative (PSI-1) spanned from 2000 to 2005, and was dedicated to demonstrating the feasibility of high-throughput structure determination, solving unique protein structures, and preparing for a subsequent production phase.  The second phase, PSI-2, focused on implementing the high-throughput structure determination methods developed in PSI-1, as well as homology modeling and addressing bottlenecks like modeling membrane proteins. The third phase, PSI:Biology, began in 2010 and consisted of networks of investigators applying high-throughput structure determination to study a broad range of biological and biomedical problems. PSI program ended on 7/1/2015, even that some of the PSI centers continue structure determination supported by other funding mechanisms.
The Butterberg is an elongated hill northeast of the spa town of Bad Harzburg in Goslar district, in the German state of Lower Saxony. Its long crest, which since 1952 is protected as a nature reserve, reaches a height of 308 m above NN.
Part of the northern Harz foothills, the hill is located north of the Harz Nature Park at the rim of the Harz National Park. The Butterberg is part of the Harz - Brunswick Land - Eastphalia National Geopark; its steeply inclined strata belong to the Northern Harz Boundary Fault. In the west, the hill is bounded by the Radau river and the parallel Bundesstraße 4 highway. The mountain-ridge path offers scenic views to the Harz mountains and over the North German Plain.
The name Butter is associated with Low German buten (i.e. "outside", c.f. Buten and binnen). These are therefore hills lying outside or on the edge of given places. There are many other "Butterberg" hills in German-speaking regions.
The Sunshine Millions Turf Stakes is a race for thoroughbred horses held in January at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California or at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach, Florida.  Half the eight races of the Sunshine Millions are run at one track and half at the other.
Open to four-year-olds and older willing to race one and one/eighth miles on the turf, the Sunshine Millions Turf is an ungraded stakes event but currently carries a purse of $75,000.  This race is also known as the Cloverleaf Farms Turf (in 2006) as part of the eight-race Sunshine Millions series.
In its 14th running in 2015, the series of races called the Sunshine Millions are restricted to horses bred either in Florida or in California and is the brainchild of the Thoroughbred Owners of California, the California Thoroughbred Breeders’ Association, the Florida Thoroughbred Breeders’ and Owners’ Association, Inc., Santa Anita Park, Gulfstream Park, and Magna Entertainment Corporation.
This is a timeline of the Karluks. The Kara-Khanid Khanate is also included, however it is disputed whether the Karluks or Yagmas were the dominant group within the khanate.
Heinrich Nikolai Bauer (11 August 1874 Paide – 11 October 1927 Tallinn) was an Estonian politician. He was a member of II Riigikogu.
Oscar Heisserer (18 July 1914 – 7 October 2004) was a French footballer.
Born in Schirrhein, Alsace-Lorraine, he played for RC Strasbourg, and appeared for France in the 1938 World Cup, where he scored a goal. He died in Strasbourg.
A Commissioners' church is an Anglican church in the United Kingdom built with money voted by Parliament as a result of the Church Building Act 1818, and subsequent related Acts.  Such churches have been given a number of titles, including "Commissioners' Churches", "Waterloo Churches" and "Million Act Churches".  In some cases the Commissioners provided the full cost of the new church; in other cases they provided a grant and the balance was raised locally.  This list contains the Commissioners' churches in North East England and North West England
Joseph Faro (fl. 1694–1696), pirate who primarily operated in the Indian Ocean
Zwierzyniec (Polish pronunciation: [zvjɛˈʐɨɲɛt͡s]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grabów nad Pilicą, 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Kozienice, and 59 km (37 mi) south of Warsaw.
Franklin Deland Purnell (April 5, 1933 – April 19, 2007) was an American football player and coach.  He played professionally as a fullback in the National Football League (NFL) with the Green Bay Packers during the 1957 NFL season. Purnell served as the head football coach at his alma mater, Alcorn Agricultural and Mechanical College—now known as Alcorn State University—from 1960 to 1963, compiling a record of 14–20.
Haywire is a collaborative mixtape by  American rappers Hopsin and  SwizZz. The project was the debut release by independent hip hop record label Funk Volume. It was released on July 18, 2009 on DatPiff. In addition, a physical release of the project debuted as well onto iTunes on May 8, 2012. The mixtape spawned three singles, "Lucifer Effect", "Bad Motherfucker" and "Leave Me Alone". As of 2016, the project has been downloaded over 500,000 times. Physical copies of the mixtape are now unavailable for purchase and out of print due to the label Funk Volume now defunct as the physical copy had to be purchased through the Funk Volume website which is currently unavailable.
The green-backed whistler (Pachycephala albiventris) or olive-backed whistler, is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae. It is endemic to the Philippines.
Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forest and tropical moist montane forest.
Zamia oreillyi is a species of cycad in the family Zamiaceae endemic to Honduras. It occurs in a single location in Atlántida Department, Honduras near Hacienda Agua Caliente, which is about 2 km southwest of Jutiapa.
The EPUB3 standard was released by the IDPF in 2011; however, even a year after the standard was released, most readers do not fully support this standard.
This version of the standard adds rich media capabilities such as:
Media overlay (read aloud) an option to add audio to text or imagesSource codes available at http://imojo.in/epub
Rewind: The Aretha Franklin Songbook is the sixth  studio and first tribute album by ARIA Award winning, Torres Strait Islander singer Christine Anu. The album and tour were  announced in April 2012 and released on 3 August 2012, to coincide with Aretha Franklin's 70th Birthday.Upon release, Anu said' “Nobody says it or sings it better than Ms. Aretha Franklin. She is one of my greatest influences and an inspiration to black pride and feminine empowerment. I truly believe she is the greatest soul singer of our time!” Anu told the Star Observer “The idea’s been three years in the making. I’ve been adding covers into my live sets in the past 10 years until someone said ‘All these songs are by Aretha — you should do an Aretha Franklin album. Just the thought of it made me nervous. It’s been on hold while I built a little bit of confidence to fill such amazingly huge shoes.”Anu toured the album and received rave reviews. In December 2012, Anu announced additional tour dates for 2013. “2012 was a fantastic year and I’m really pleased Rewind connected with so many people. I’m excited to announce more shows in 2013. This time I will be doing a more intimate version of the show, so that it can be seen by people in regional and remote areas of Australia.
Stannington Sanatorium was the first purpose-built children's tuberculosis sanatorium in the UK which officially opened on 5 October 1907 near to the village of Stannington, Northumberland.  The institution was established by a local charity, The Poor Children's Holiday Association (PCHA), which developed into the modern-day charity Children North East, and also took contributions from local Poor Law Guardians for the upkeep of patients.
The Church of St John the Baptist in Carhampton, Somerset, England is a Grade I listed Anglican church.The first church in the village stood to the east of the present church and was dedicated to St Carantoc a Welsh monk of the 6th century.The present church was mainly built in the Perpendicular period of the fifteenth century, however it was largely rebuilt in 1862–1863 with further work in tower rebuilt 1868–70 to rebuild the tower and add a vestry. It previously had a low tower with a tiled top.The wooden pulpit and a painted wooden screen from the previous building and date from around 1500, along with some of the monuments and bells from the earlier church.The church is within the benefice of  Dunster, Carhampton, Withycombe w Roduish, Timberscombe and Wootton Courtenay, which is part of the Exmoor deanery and the Taunton archdeanery.
Carlos Sorín (born 1944 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a film director, screenplay writer, cinematographer, and film producer.  He works mainly in the cinema of Argentina.
The Eastern Express (Turkish: Doğu Ekspresi) is an overnight passenger train operated by the Turkish State Railways. The train runs 1,310 km (814 mi) from Ankara Railway Station to Kars Railway Station in Kars. The train was the first overnight service east of Ankara. The Eastern Express stops in 7 provincial capitals: Ankara, Kırıkkale, Kayseri, Sivas, Erzincan, Erzurum and Kars. The first train ran in 1936 from  İstanbul's Haydarpaşa Terminal to Çetinkaya.Before Ankara-Istanbul high-speed train project, the train ran between Istanbul and Kars.
Due to the increasing popularity of the train, TCDD Taşımacılık added a second train named the Touristic Eastern Express. This new train operates three times a week with fewer stops and costs more than the regular Eastern Express train. The Touristic Eastern Express was inaugurated on 29 May 2019 from Ankara.
Martyn Joseph Rooney (born 3 April 1987) is an English sprinter who specialises in the 400 metres event. He reached the 400 m final at the 2008 Summer Olympics and won bronze in the 4×400 metres relay. A mainstay on the anchor leg of the Great Britain 4 x 400 metre relay team, at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics he won a silver medal with the Great Britain relay team, and bronze in the 2015 World Championships. His personal best time is 44.45 seconds.
The 1927 Rome Grand Prix (formally the III Reale Premio Di Roma) was a Grand Prix motor race held at Circuito Parioli on 12 June 1927. The race was held over 100 laps of a 4.2 km circuit, for a total race distance of 420 km. The race was won by Tazio Nuvolari driving a Bugatti. This race marked the first and only time the Rome Grand Prix was held in Parioli.
Anna Reynolds is an Australian politician and the current Lord Mayor of Hobart, Tasmania.
Emil Gustav Lisco (January 13, 1819 – February 8, 1887) was a German Protestant Christian pastor.
Lisco was born in Berlin, the son of Friedrich Gustav Lisco, a pastor and theologian. From 1845 Emil became a pastor as well, also in Berlin. Among his more notable public positions was strident opposition to Copernican heliocentrism, against which he argued in an 1868 letter and in an 1872 lecture.
The Georgia, Carolina and Northern Railway was a Southeastern railroad that began after Reconstruction and operated up until the start of the 20th century.
The Georgia, Carolina and Northern Railway was founded in 1886 with the goal of building a line from Monroe, North Carolina, to Atlanta, Georgia. Construction on the line began in 1887 in North Carolina.By 1892 the railroad had almost completed its original plan when a court injunction halted its progress into Atlanta. As a result, the GC&N developed the Seaboard Air Line Belt Railroad. The Seaboard Air Line Belt Railroad ran about 8 miles (13 km) from Belt Junction, Georgia, (near Emory University), west to the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway for which the Georgia, Carolina and Northern Railway had trackage rights into Atlanta. In 1898 the railroad acquired the Loganville and Lawrenceville Railroad.In 1901 the GC&N was formally merged into the Seaboard Air Line Railway.
Anatoma euglypta is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Anatomidae.
Kolenovo (Russian: Коленово) is a rural locality (a village) in Simskoye Rural Settlement, Yuryev-Polsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 26 as of 2010.
Ross John Travis (born January 9, 1993) is an American football tight end who is a free agent. He played college basketball at Penn State and did not play college football. After going undrafted in the 2015 NFL Draft, he signed with the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent.
Jani Allan (born 11 September 1952) is a South African journalist, columnist, writer and broadcaster. She became one of the country's first media celebrities in the 1980s and 1990s.In 1980, Allan became a columnist for the centrist newspaper, the Sunday Times,  South Africa's biggest-circulating weekly newspaper. She was the newspaper's best-read columnist over the next decade, publishing columns such as Just Jani, Jani Allan's Week and Face to Face. At the height of her fame, the newspaper commissioned a Gallup poll in 1987 to find "the most admired person in South Africa" and she came first. In 2015, Marianne Thamm of the Daily Maverick described Allan as having been "the most influential writer and columnist in the country".
She later became the subject of press interest over the nature of her relationship with an interview subject, Eugène Terre'Blanche. Allan strongly denied the affair allegations and took an injunction out against Terre'Blanche. Allan left South Africa when her apartment was bombed by the far right in 1989. Allan sued and won damages from two British publications that repeated the affair allegations. She filed a libel suit against Channel 4 over Nick Broomfield's documentary, The Leader, His Driver and the Driver's Wife. Broomfield denied raising affair allegations and a team of witnesses was flown in from South Africa to support both sides. Allan lost the suit, with the judge declining to state that anyone had lied in court.
After a brief stint working at her newspaper's London bureau, she began writing freelance columns for British publications and published a regular column for Scope. She returned to South Africa in 1996, publishing a sponsored web column and presenting a radio show on Cape Talk.  After an extended break she returned to the South African media frame in 2013. In 2014, she made headlines around the world after publishing an open letter to accused murderer Oscar Pistorius. Jacana Media published Allan's memoirs, Jani Confidential on 16 March 2015. She began writing semi-regularly for The Epoch Times from 2018. In South Africa she continues to write freelance opinion pieces, with her work mostly appearing  in the Daily Maverick, Fair Lady and more recently in Rapport. In 2020 Allan began publishing opinion columns for RT (formerly Russia Today), the Russian broadcaster and news agency. Allan has lived in the United States since 2001.
Sky Link TV (Chinese: 天下衛視; pinyin: Tiān Xià Wèi Shì; Cantonese Yale: Tin1 Ha6 Wai6 Si6) is the first 24/7 Chinese satellite TV network in the United States.  Sky Link TV is a U.S. Chinese entertainment and news distributor with three areas of prominence, TV, Digital and Content. Sky Link TV is on OTA (over the air) and MVPD (Multichannel Video Program Distributor) in San Francisco, Los Angeles, and nationally. Sky Link Content develops and acquires the best entertainment and news content from China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and the U.S. Sky Link Media engages the Chinese consumer wherever they are.
Sky Link TV currently has one channel in the San Francisco Bay Area airing Cantonese & Mandarin Programming; and three channels airing Mandarin and Cantonese programs individually in the Greater Los Angeles area.  These programs include headline news, dramas, variety and entertainment shows, sports shows, auto shows, music shows, cooking shows, educational features and documentaries.
Sky Link TV has the widest coverage and is the only station that offers 24 hours of Chinese programs in the basic package with Comcast, Time Warner, Dish Network and Charter in California.
The United Kingdom home front during World War II covers the political, social and economic history during 1939–1945.
The war was very expensive. It was paid for by high taxes, by selling off assets, and by accepting large amounts of Lend Lease from the U.S. and Canada. The US gave $30 billion in munitions; Canada also gave aid. The American and Canadian aid did not have to be repaid, but there were also American loans that were repaid.Britain's total mobilisation during this period proved to be successful in winning the war, by maintaining strong support from public opinion. The war was a "people's war" that enlarged democratic aspirations and produced promises of a better Britain after the war. The media called it a "people's war"—a term that caught on and signified the popular demand for planning and an expanded welfare state.  Indeed by 1945 the Post-war consensus emerged that did deliver a welfare state.The Royal family played major symbolic roles in the war. They refused to leave London during the Blitz and were indefatigable in visiting troops, munition factories, dockyards, and hospitals all over the country.  All social classes appreciated how the royals shared the hopes, fears and hardships of the people.The British relied successfully on voluntarism. Munitions production rose dramatically, and the quality remained high. Food production was emphasised, in large part to free shipping for munitions. Farmers increased the area under cultivation from 12,000,000 to 18,000,000 acres (from about 50,000 to 75,000 km2), and the farm labour force was expanded by a fifth, thanks especially to the Women's Land Army.See also Timeline of the United Kingdom home front during World War II, Military history of the United Kingdom during World War II and Diplomatic history of World War II.
Phyllurus amnicola, also known as the Mount Elliot leaf-tailed gecko, is a species of geckos found in Australia. It is endemic to Mount Elliot in Bowling Green Bay National Park in northeastern Queensland.
The discography of The Hoosiers, a British pop rock band, contains four studio albums, three extended plays, seven singles and seven music videos.
The Hoosiers' debut album, The Trick to Life, was released by RCA Records in the United Kingdom in October 2007. The album peaked at number one on the UK Album Chart and has been certified two times platinum by the British Phonographic Industry. The Trick of Life produced the singles "Worried About Ray", "Goodbye Mr A", "Worst Case Scenario" and "Cops and Robbers". "Worried About Ray" and "Goodbye Mr A" both managing to peak within the top five on the UK Singles Chart at numbers five and four respectively.
Positive Innovation for the Next Generation, or PING, is a youth-led organization that implements health- or youth-related technology projects along with high school-age and college mentorship programs. The organization is based out of Gaborone, Botswana but is beginning to expand its projects out of Botswana into other African countries.
PING’s stated goal is to "help address health and development problems by using technology in an innovative way, and creating more problem solvers in the local population."To achieve this goal PING ensures that whenever and wherever its technology and software projects expand, the mentorship programs expand as well. This intention is to place local youth being trained with IT skills to support and maintain the software, wherever a PING tech project is running. PING’s former name was the Botswana Association for Positive Living (BAPL), which was founded in January 2009 in Gaborone, Botswana.
Big Spring Cafe is a diner in Huntsville, Alabama. It opened in 1922, and is the oldest restaurant in the city. It is often noted as a landmark in the city and as one of Huntsville's "signature" restaurants. When the original location opened, it served only hamburgers consisting of ground beef, onions, mustard and salt on a roll.
"I Can Go Deep" is a song by American R&B group Silk. The song was released as a single for the group's self-titled second album Silk (1995), as well as the third promotional single for the soundtrack to the 1994 film A Low Down Dirty Shame. Gary "Lil G" Jenkins sings lead. Lovell Jones of the R&B group "Twice" Also wrote on the song "I can go deep"
The song peaked at number seventy-one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Maximus (died 552) was a Roman senator and patrician during the Ostrogothic kingdom, who celebrated the last games in the Flavian Amphitheater.
My Place is an autobiography written by artist Sally Morgan in 1987. It is about Morgan's quest for knowledge of her family's past and the fact that she has grown up under false pretences. The book is a milestone in Aboriginal literature and is one of the earlier works in indigenous writing.
The book has been published in several parts 'for young readers' in the following parts:
Sally's story (Fremantle: Fremantle Arts Centre Press, 1990.) edited by Barbara Ker Wilson ('My Place' for young readers, part 1'. For children.) ISBN 0-949206-78-4
Arthur Corunna's story (Narkaling Productions, 1995) edited by Barbara Ker Wilson ('My Place' for young readers, part 2'. For children.) ISBN 0-949206-77-6
Mother and daughter: The story of Daisy and Glady's Corunna (Narkaling Productions, 1994) Edited by Barbara Ker Wilson ('My Place' for young readers, part 3'. For children.) ISBN 0-949206-79-2The book is widely studied in Public Schools across New South Wales as part of an 'Aboriginal Studies' program compulsory for all students.
The 1992 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's  NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 19, 1992, and ended with the championship game on April 6 in Minneapolis. A total of 63 games were played.
Duke, coached by Mike Krzyzewski, defeated the Michigan Wolverines, coached by Steve Fisher, 71–51 to claim their second consecutive national championship. Bobby Hurley of Duke was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. Michigan subsequently vacated its final two tournament games as part of the University of Michigan basketball scandal.
This tournament is best remembered for the East regional final pitting Duke and Kentucky at The Spectrum in Philadelphia. With 2.1 seconds remaining in overtime, Duke trailed 103–102. Grant Hill threw a pass the length of the court to Christian Laettner, who dribbled once, turned, and hit a jumper as time expired for the 104–103 win. Sports Illustrated deemed it the greatest college basketball game of all time, and ESPN ranked it No. 17 among the top 100 sports moments of the past 25 years (see ESPN25). In 2002, USA Today ranked it the greatest NCAA tournament game of all time.The tournament also saw dark horse Cincinnati crash the Final Four and return to national prominence.
The Washington oil field is an oil field and in Washington County, Pennsylvania.  It also produced natural gas.
The oil field fueled a boom in Washington County, Pennsylvania from the 1880s to the early 1900s.  For a time, the McGugin Gas Well was the largest flow of natural gas in the world and provided Pittsburgh with most of its natural gas needs.
Michele "Miki" Del Prete (born 23 July 1935) is an Italian lyricist and record producer.
Born in Bari, at young age he moved to Milan with his family, following the transfer of his father, a footballer, from A.S. Bari to Calcio Como. In the 1950s Del Prete started his career as a professional dancer. In 1959, he became a close friend and a collaborator of Adriano Celentano. During his tenure with Celentano, Del Prete worked as a lyricist, manager, producer and advisor. Among the most successful songs he wrote with Celentano are "Impazzivo per te", "Il ragazzo della via Gluck", "La coppia più bella del mondo", "Una carezza in un pugno", "Prisencolinensinainciusol" and "Soli". He also wrote songs for other artists, including Caterina Caselli's hit "Nessuno mi può giudicare".
London Booster is an art installation by Czech artist David Černý. It's a bus fitted with hydraulic arms, allowing it to do push ups, accompanied by audio-visual effects. It was created to celebrate the 2012 Summer Olympics and inspire the Czech Republic Olympic team. It was installed outside the Business Design Centre in Islington, which for the duration of the games was transformed into 'Czech House'.
Past the Olympics, the bus is publicly located in Prague neighborhood Chodov. It is located in front of the building of Agrofert company of Andrej Babiš which was a sponsor of the work (next to the bus stop Benkova). It exercises everyday from 3 to 3:30 PM, except for cold days (below 5°C), rainfall, snow cover or strong wind.
The lei tai fighting stage has been the subject of various types of media; including Chinese film, video games, television, Literature, and music.
St Barnabas' Church, Woodford Green, is a Church of England church in Snakes Lane East, Woodford, London. It had its origins in a 1904 iron mission church – this was attached to St Paul's Church, Woodford. A permanent church was built between 1910 and 1911, with a lady chapel, organ chamber, chancel and two bays of an aisled nave – the nave was completed in 1964. The church was designed by E T Dunn, who also designed St Luke's Church, Ilford, and produced a proposed design for a new chapel screen at St Peter's Church, Bethnal Green. Parts of the parishes of St Paul's, All Saints Church, Woodford Wells, and Holy Trinity Church, South Woodford, were combined to form the new parish of St Barnabas in 1911.
Nigel Aldridge Paul (born 31 March 1933) is a former English cricketer active in the 1950s, making seven appearances in first-class cricket as a batting all-rounder.
Paul was educated at Cranleigh School, where he played for the school cricket team from 1949–1951. He made his debut in first-class cricket when he was selected to play for Warwickshire against the touring Canadians at Edgbaston in 1954. He made three further first-class appearances for Warwickshire in 1955, playing two university matches against Oxford and Cambridge, and once against the Combined Services, but did not feature in any County Championship matches. He played a first-class match for the Free Foresters in 1956, and followed this up with two matches at The Saffrons in 1958 for DR Jardine's XI against Oxford University and Cambridge University. In seven first-class matches, Paul scored a total of 157 runs, averaging 15.70, with as high score of 40. As a bowler he took just 3 wickets, which came at an expensive average of 65.33 runs apiece. He was one of the tallest first-class cricketers of the time, standing over two metres high, which he made use of when batting to hit the ball hard, and score at a fast rate which was unusual for the times. His height helped when he was bowling, generating pace which forced the batsman onto the back foot.Paul is a leading figure within the Old Cranleighan Cricket Club, a cricket club for former pupils of Cranleigh School. Following the Second World War, the club was virtually defunct, but he re-formed the club in the mid-1950s. He was club captain from 1958–1964 and president from 1981–1985.
Masoom  is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941.
Paul Ramsden (5 August 1948–2 August 2017) was a British-Australian education theorist known for his role as the first Chief Executive of the Higher Education Academy (2004–2010).While at the University of Sydney, he developed the Course Experience Questionnaire. This was the model for the UK's National Student Survey.He died in August 2017 after suffering from a pulmonary embolism.
The Philatelic Literature Society (1907–1918) was a short-lived society to promote the cause of philatelic literature among philatelists at a time when information about philately could be hard to obtain and philatelic books expensive.
Wakefield is an unincorporated community in southwestern Scioto Township, Pike County, Ohio, United States.  it historically had a post office, with the ZIP code 45687.  Although the post office was closed on September 2, 2005, the community retains its ZIP code.  It lies along Wakefield Mound Road.
Saikul is the headquarters of Sadar Hills East subdivision and one of the principal towns under Sadar Hills Autonomous District Council in Manipur state of India. It is also the  46th reserved Assembly Constituency for Scheduled Tribes of the Manipur State Legislative Assembly. The town is located at 790 meters above sea level, 40 kilometres to the north of Imphal. It lies between NH-39 and NH-150 and the river Jildung passes beside the town. The town is governed by Saikul Hilltown Committee.
Sarz-e Gah (Persian: سرزاگاه, also Romanized as Sarz-e Gāb) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
The Song of Songs (Hebrew: שִׁיר הַשִּׁירִים Šīr hašŠīrīm; Greek: ᾎσμα ᾀσμάτων, translit. Âisma āismátōn, Koine Greek pronunciation: [ˈäˑ.z̠mä äˈz̠mä.to̞n]; Latin: Canticum canticōrum, Ecclesiastical Latin: [ˈkän̪.t̪i.kum kän̪.t̪iˈkɔː.rum]), also Song of Solomon, Canticle of Canticles, or Canticles, is one of the megillot (scrolls) found in the last section of the Tanakh, known as the Ketuvim (or "Writings"). It is unique within the Hebrew Bible: it shows no interest in Law or Covenant or the God of Israel, nor does it teach or explore wisdom like Proverbs or Ecclesiastes (although it does have some affinities to wisdom literature, as the ascription to the 10th century BCE King of Israel Solomon indicates); instead, it celebrates sexual love, giving "the voices of two lovers, praising each other, yearning for each other, proffering invitations to enjoy". The two are in harmony, each desiring the other and rejoicing in sexual intimacy. The women of Jerusalem form a chorus to the lovers, functioning as an audience whose participation in the lovers' erotic encounters facilitates the participation of the reader. Scholars differ on when it was written, with estimates ranging from the 10th to 2nd century BCE, with an analysis of the language used suggesting the 3rd century.
In modern Judaism the Song is read on the Sabbath during the Passover, which marks the beginning of the grain-harvest as well as commemorating the Exodus from Biblical Egypt. Jewish tradition reads it as an allegory of the relationship between God and Israel; Christianity, as an allegory of Christ and his bride, the Church.
Maurits Christopher Hansen (5 July 1794 – 16 March 1842) was a Norwegian writer.
He was born in Modum as a son of Carl Hansen (1757–1826) and Abigael Wulfsberg (1758–1823). In October 1816 he married teacher Helvig Leschly (1789–1874). He was a father-in-law of Eilert Sundt, and thus grandfather of Einar Sundt.He is recognized for his contribution to a diversity of genres and the introduction of the novel in Norway. He was a major contributor to the Norwegian Romantic Movement. He also wrote one of the world's first crime novels with "Mordet på Maskinbygger Roolfsen" ("The Murder of Engine Maker Roolfsen") in 1839, two years before Edgar Allan Poe's short story "The Murders in the Rue Morgue" in 1841.
After attending Oslo Cathedral School from 1809 and completing his examen artium in 1814, he worked as a teacher in Trondheim from 1820 and in Kongsberg from 1826. He was a fellow of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters in Trondheim, but was not appointed when he applied for a position as lecturer of philosophy at the Royal Frederick University around 1839.
Bremen Cathedral (German: Bremer Dom or St. Petri Dom zu Bremen), dedicated to St. Peter, is a church situated in the market square in the center of Bremen. The cathedral belongs to the Bremian Evangelical Church, a member of the Protestant umbrella organization named Evangelical Church in Germany. It is the previous cathedral of the former Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen. Since 1973, it is protected by the monument protection act.
Nuaillé-sur-Boutonne (French pronunciation: ​[nɥaje syʁ butɔn], literally Nuaillé on Boutonne) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
This article describes Earl Pitts, the American spy. For the radio character, see Earl Pitts (radio character).Earl Edwin Pitts (born September 23, 1953) is a former FBI special agent who was convicted of espionage for selling information to Soviet and Russian intelligence services.
Linha Universidade or LinhaUni is the company responsible for the construction and operation of São Paulo Metro Line 6-Orange for 24 years (2020-2044), through a public-private partnership concession, in partnership with the Government of the State of São Paulo. Its main associate is Spanish group Acciona.Line 6, in its first phase, will have 15.3 km (9.5 mi) of extension, and will connect stations Brasilândia and São Joaquim, being completely underground.
Enuani is an Igbo dialect spoken in Nigeria by the Igbo people of Delta State, Onitsha, Obosi and Ogbaru in Anambra State, Mgbidi in Imo State,Ndoni in Rivers State and some parts of Ibaji in Delta state. The Enuani dialect is generally similar to the Igbo dialect of Anambra State. Enuani is tonal like the rest of Anioma dialects and is particularly related to the standard Igbo pronunciation in many regards. The Enuani dialect is the dominant Igbo dialect in Delta State.
Mikhail Valeryevich Zharinov (Russian: Михаил Валерьевич Жаринов; born 25 January 1975) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Pebble Creek is a stream in Stanton, Dodge, and Cuming counties, Nebraska, in the United States. It is a tributary of the Elkhorn River.
Pebble Creek was so named from the abundance of pebbles at a ford where soldiers crossed in the 1849 Pawnee War.
This is a list of the governors of colonies, protectorates, or other dependencies in 1881. Where applicable, native rulers are also listed.  The list is arranged by the governors' respective colonial powers.
"La Vega" is a composition for solo piano by Isaac Albéniz. It was intended to be the second movement of a symphonic suite called Alhambra after the Arab palace in Granada, in the Andalusia region in Spain. The suite was drafted in Paris in December 1896, and consisted of six pieces:
Alarme!Albéniz completed only La Vega (on 26 January 1897) and the first 16 bars of Generalife. The score was written in piano solo format, and La Vega was later orchestrated. The orchestral version of La Vega was never published however, but the composer decided to publish the piano solo version after discarding the last three pages and writing a new, more developed version of the entire piece, with a reprise of the opening "A" section taking the place of the three discarded pages. This new expanded version was completed on 14 February 1897 and published that year. The piece lasts approximately 14 minutes.
La Vega is an evocation of the Granada plains on the edge of the city, a "musical reflection", as the composer put it, contemplated from the Alhambra Palace. Claude Debussy, on hearing Albéniz play the piece, enthusiastically told him of his wish to immediately go and discover Granada.A number of errors were introduced in the typesetting of La Vega's first edition, and it was not until 2003 that a corrected edition was published.
Adomas Ąžuolas Audickas (born in 1982 in Lithuania) is a Lithuanian economist, business consultant and politician.
Richard Henry Estelle (born January 18, 1942) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher  who pitched for the San Francisco Giants in 1964 and 1965.Estelle was inducted into the Lakewood High School Hall of Fame in 2006.
Jerusalem is a 2013 documentary film about the ancient city of Jerusalem. It was produced by Cosmic Picture and Arcane Pictures and distributed by National Geographic Cinema Ventures in IMAX and giant screen theatres.
Francis Stanislaus ("Frank") Flynn AC FRACO (6 December 1906, Sydney – 29 July 2000) was a Northern Territory-based Australian doctor (ophthalmologist), author and missionary priest. He is notable for his contributions to religion, medicine and Aboriginal welfare.He was born on 6 December 1906 and educated in Sydney, receiving MB BS with 1st class honours in 1930. In 1931 he sailed to England and in 1931 and 1933–1934 studied and worked at the Royal Ophthalmic Hospital (Moorfields) in London. Prior to World War II he had made several important contributions to the study of eye disease, including the introduction of a new drug which he named Mydriciane, and the design and patenting of a machine used in operating on detached retinas.He returned to Sydney in 1934 and joined the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart (Missionnaires du Sacré-Coeur) (MSC) in December 1935.  He was ordained a priest in March 1942 and, with advice from the pioneering missionary Bishop Gsell, was sent to the Northern Territory. From 1942 to 1945 worked with Army Hospitals. From 1946 to 1968 he was consulting ophthalmologist to the Northern Territory Department of Health. His activity as a consulting ophthalmologist to the Northern Territory Trachoma and Eye Health Programme continued until 1992.From 1944 to 1946 he studied anthropology with Professor Elkin and gained Diploma of Anthropology at University of Sydney with the intention of gaining "a wider knowledge and appreciation of Aboriginal culture and genealogy, and academic methods of field research".As early as 1942  maybe he had identified and officially reported that there was an appallingly high level of trachoma amongst the Australian Aboriginal people in the Northern Territory. In 1957 he made a full report on his findings in The Medical Journal of Australia. In 1976 an official Australian-wide survey on trachoma amongst Australian Aboriginals was started under the direction of Professor Fred Hollows, who was mentored by Flynn.In 1967 Flynn was transferred to Port Moresby as Administrator of the Cathedral and Director of Catholic Health Services in Papua New Guinea. In 1970 the Medical Faculty at the University of Papua New Guinea was founded.He returned to Darwin in 1977 and was still active in the 1990s; for example, in 1995 he worked with Army medical eye service units which travelled to isolated Aboriginal communities in the Northern Territory.
The Black Horse is a Grade II listed public house at High Road, Eastcote, in the London Borough of Hillingdon.
This is a partial list of six-man football venues in Texas.
Hamatophyton is a genus of the extinct Sphenophyllales horsetails. Unique to this genus among other Sphenophyllales is its lack of secondary xylem around the tips of the primary xylem arms.
Gravitcornutia inapulana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Morona-Santiago Province, Ecuador.
Pseudoyersinia is a European genus of praying mantids in the family Mantidae.  Species have been recorded from southern Europe and Atlantic islands.
St John's College, Woodlawn, commonly abbreviated to Woodlawn, is a Roman Catholic co-educational secondary day school, located in the rural area of "Woodlawn" on the outskirts of Lismore, in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia. The college is administered by the Catholic Education Office of the Diocese of Lismore.
In the city of Lismore the four largest industries by employment are the retail sector, health care, education and agriculture. St John's College, originally an agricultural secondary school, has a major part in two of these sectors and of course participates indirectly in the others as well. The school's name is often shortened to "Woodlawn" rather than being named fully. The school was founded by the Marists who continue to play a role in the running of the school. The first lay Rector (Principal) was Glenn Roff, appointed in 2001 when the Marist Fathers withdrew from St John's.
Pavel Dovgulevets (Russian: Павел Довгулевец: born 26 December 1977) is a Belarusian former footballer.
Dovgulevets previously played for Dinamo Minsk (1997–2000), Darida Minsk Raion (2000–2005), Dinamo Brest (2006–2007) and Torpedo Zhodino (2007–2008) in the Belarusian Premier League and Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih in the Ukrainian Premier League (2005–2006).
Valerie Wiener (born October 30, 1948) was a Democratic member of the Nevada Senate, representing Clark County District 3 (map) from 1996 through 2012.
Sigara arguta is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae. It is endemic to New Zealand.
Alexia Portal is a French actress best known for her role as Béatrice Romand's son's girlfriend in the 1998 film Autumn Tale.
This is a list of Hungarian football transfers in the summer transfer window 2018 by club. Only transfers in Nemzeti Bajnokság I, and Nemzeti Bajnokság II are included.
Harry Schneiderman (January 23, 1885 – September 1, 1975) was a Polish-born Jewish-American communal administrator and editor.
Polyvinyl chloride (colloquial: polyvinyl, or simply vinyl; abbreviated: PVC) is the world's third-most widely produced synthetic polymer of plastic (after polyethylene and polypropylene). About 40 million tons of PVC are produced each year.
PVC comes in two basic forms: rigid (sometimes abbreviated as RPVC) and flexible. The rigid form of PVC is used in construction for pipe and in profile applications such as doors and windows. It is also used in making plastic bottles, non-food packaging, food-covering sheets and plastic cards (such as bank or membership cards). It can be made softer and more flexible by the addition of plasticizers, the most widely used being phthalates. In this form, it is also used in plumbing, electrical cable insulation, imitation leather, flooring, signage, phonograph records, inflatable products, and many applications where it replaces rubber. With cotton or linen, it is used in the production of canvas.
Pure polyvinyl chloride is a white, brittle solid. It is insoluble in alcohol but slightly soluble in tetrahydrofuran.
Sarosa flavicostalis is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae. It was described by Rothschild in 1911. It is found in Peru.
Charles Michael "Mickey" Harrington (October 8, 1934 – September 20, 2017) was an American professional baseball player who appeared in one game in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Philadelphia Phillies. Born in Hattiesburg, he attended the University of Southern Mississippi. He threw and batted right-handed, stood 6 feet 4 inches (1.93 m) tall and weighed 205 pounds (93 kg).
Although Harrington played in only one MLB game, as a pinch-runner, his professional career spanned 1957–1966 as an outfielder, first baseman and third baseman in minor league action. After signing with the Phillies' organization, he was recalled from Triple-A in the midst of his seventh pro season.
His MLB appearance came on July 10, 1963, at Connie Mack Stadium, when he was called upon to pinch run following first baseman Roy Sievers' single; it was the eighth inning and the Phils led the San Francisco Giants, 10–2. Harrington advanced to second base one out later, following Don Hoak's single. But the inning ended when Clay Dalrymple grounded into a double play. Harrington did not stay in the game on defense, as veteran Frank Torre took Sievers' post at first base in the ninth.Harrington died on September 20, 2017, in Hattiesburg, Mississippi.
Bangladesh–South Sudan relations refer to the bilateral relations between Bangladesh and South Sudan. The core areas of cooperation have been the services of Bangladeshi peacekeepers in South Sudan, involvement of Bangladeshi NGOs in various sectors of social development of South Sudan and the investment of Bangladeshi firms in South Sudan, particularly in the agricultural sector.
The striated laughingthrush (Grammatoptila striatus) is a passerine bird in the family Leiothrichidae. It was at one time placed in the genus Garrulax but following the publication of a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study in 2018, it was moved to be the only species in the resurrected genus Grammatoptila.
It is found in the northern temperate regions of the Indian subcontinent and ranges across Bhutan, India, Myanmar, Tibet and Nepal. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The 2010 United States Senate election in Oregon was held on November 2, 2010 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states, as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Ron Wyden won re-election to a third full term.
In Greek mythology, Hippomachus (Ancient Greek: Ἱππόμαχον or Ἱππόμαχος means "fighting on horseback, trooper") may refer to two different personages:
Hippomachus, a Trojan warrior and son of Antimachus. He was the brother of Hippolochus, Pisander, and Tisiphone. During the Trojan War, Hippomachus was killed by Leonteus, leader of the Lapiths, who smote him with a cast of his spear, striking him upon the girdle.
Hippomachus, one of the Suitors of Penelope. He came from Zacynthos along with other 43 wooers. Hippomachus was ultimately killed by Odysseus with the help of Eumaeus, Philoetius, and Telemachus, after returning from his 10-year journey.
Prattica Terza is a chamber musical ensemble playing Baroque music on period instruments. It was founded in 2007 by young musicians in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
Ellon is a commune in the Calvados department and Normandy region of north-western France.
The Reagan Era or Age of Reagan is a periodization of recent American history used by historians and political observers to emphasize that the conservative "Reagan Revolution" led by President Ronald Reagan in domestic and foreign policy had a lasting impact. It overlaps with what political scientists call the Sixth Party System. Definitions of the Reagan Era universally include the 1980s, while more extensive definitions may also include the late 1970s, the 1990s, the 2000s, the 2010s, and even the 2020s. In his 2008 book, The Age of Reagan: A History, 1974–2008, historian and journalist Sean Wilentz argues that Reagan dominated this stretch of American history in the same way that Franklin D. Roosevelt and his New Deal legacy dominated the four decades that preceded it.
The Reagan Era included ideas and personalities beyond Reagan himself; he is usually characterized as the leader of a broadly-based conservative movement whose ideas dominated national policy-making in areas such as taxes, welfare, defense, the federal judiciary, and the Cold War. Other major conservative figures and organizations of the Reagan Era include Jerry Falwell, Phyllis Schlafly, Newt Gingrich, and The Heritage Foundation. The Rehnquist Court, which was inaugurated during Reagan's presidency, handed down several conservative decisions. The Reagan Era coincides with the presidency of Reagan, and, in more extensive definitions, the presidencies of Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, Barack Obama, Donald Trump, and Joe Biden. Liberals generally lament the Reagan Era, while conservatives generally praise it and call for its continuation in the 21st century. Liberals were significantly influenced as well, leading to the Third Way. 
Upon taking office, the Reagan administration implemented an economic policy based on the theory of supply-side economics. Taxes were reduced through the passage of the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981, while the administration also cut domestic spending and increased military spending. Increasing deficits motivated the passage of tax increases during the George H. W. Bush and Clinton administrations, but taxes were cut again with the passage of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001. During Clinton's presidency, Republicans won passage of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act, a bill which placed several new limits on those receiving federal assistance.
Campaigning for the Democratic nomination in 2008, Barack Obama interpreted how Reagan changed the nation's trajectory:
I think Ronald Reagan changed the trajectory of America in a way that Richard Nixon did not and in a way that Bill Clinton did not. He put us on a fundamentally different path because the country was ready for it. I think they felt like with all the excesses of the 1960s and 1970s and government had grown and grown but there wasn't much sense of accountability in terms of how it was operating. I think that people . . . he just tapped into what people were already feeling, which was we want clarity, we want optimism, we want a return to that sense of dynamism and entrepreneurship that had been missing.
Nils Olof Stahre (19 April 1909 – 7 March 1988) was a Swedish Army officer and horse rider who competed in the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1948 he and his horse Komet won a silver medal in the team eventing, after finishing fifteenth in the individual competition. Four years later they won a gold medal in the team eventing and finished eighth individually.After the 1952 Games Stahre became a coach and led Petrus Kastenman to the 1956 Olympic gold medal.Stahre became major in the reserve in 1955.
Kurzelów [kuˈʐɛluf] is a village (from 1285 to 1869 it was a town) in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies in historic Lesser Poland, approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Włoszczowa and 52 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 1,200.
Raven Creek is a tributary of Fishing Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 8.1 miles (13.0 km) long and flows through Sugarloaf Township, Benton Township, and Fishing Creek Township. The watershed of the creek has an area of 11.90 square miles (30.8 km2). Numerous bridges, both covered and non-covered, have been built over the creek. Its main tributary is East Branch Raven Creek.
Losoya is an unincorporated community in Bexar County, Texas, United States. It is located less than 20 miles (32 km) south of Downtown San Antonio and is part of the San Antonio–New Braunfels metropolitan area. The population is currently unavailable.
"The Call" is a song written by Gene MacLellan.  MacLellan originally released a version the song in 1970 that reached #15 on the Canadian Country chart and #91 on the Canadian Top Singles chart.
Charlotte "Sherry" Green (born July 1938 in Tampa, Florida, United States) is an American fencer.
Green learned to fence at the Oregon Fencing Alliance in Portland, Oregon. Her teachers there included Adam Skarbonkovic, Charles Randall, and Ed Korfanty. She was a member of the 2005 US National Veterans fencing team and came in fifth at the 2005 World Championships. In 2006, she was the top-ranked female sabre fencer in the Veterans 60+ category.
Margarita Gleba is an archaeologist and expert on early textiles. Gleba is currently a lecturer at Ludwig-Maximilians-University of Munich.Gleba holds a B.A. (1992) from Rutgers University and a Ph.D. (2004) in Classical and Near Eastern Archaeology from Bryn Mawr College, which she completed under the direction of Jean MacIntosh Turfa. Her research focuses on the pre- and protohistory of the peoples and cultures of the Mediterranean region, in addition to the archaeology of textiles.At Cambridge University, Gleba directed the PROduction and CONsumption: Textile Economy and Urbanisation in Mediterranean Europe 1000-500 BCE project that studied early textiles. The project received funding from the European Union from 2013 to 2018. In 2019 Gleba was a featured guest in a BBC Radio broadcast focused on the Scythians.
Dolapo Adeleke, also known as LowlaDee is a multiple award winning filmmaker from Nigeria.
Susan Lynn Wiant Brooks (born August 25, 1960) is an American prosecutor and politician. She is a Republican and the former U.S. Representative for Indiana's 5th congressional district. She was elected in 2012. The district includes the northern fifth of Indianapolis, as well as many of the city's affluent northern and eastern suburbs. Brooks served as the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Indiana from 2001 to 2007.
She was a candidate to replace Mike Pence in the 2016 Indiana gubernatorial election after he withdrew from the race to be Donald Trump's running mate in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. However, Indiana Republicans gave the nomination to Eric Holcomb, Indiana's lieutenant governor and Pence's second in command during his administration, who was then elected governor. In the 116th Congress, she was a co-chair of the House moderate Republican faction, the Tuesday Group, alongside John Katko and Fred Upton. She is also recruitment chair for the National Republican Congressional Committee.
On June 14, 2019, Brooks announced that she would not run for reelection to the U.S. House of Representatives in 2020.
Thamar Angelina Komnene (Greek: Θαμάρ Αγγελίνα Κομνηνή; died c. 1311) was a princess consort of Taranto by marriage to Prince Philip I.
Perry–Shepherd Farm, also known as the Swansie Shepherd Farm, is a historic home and farm complex located near Lansing, Ashe County, North Carolina.  The complex includes the main dwelling, a caretaker's cottage, a barn, a warehouse, a granary, and three sheds surrounded by woodland, open pasture, and blueberry and apple orchards.  The main house was built about 1890, and is a two-story, single-pile I-house with an original rear wing.  It has a double-porch and Queen Anne style decorative elements.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Dr. Samuel Paul (11 April 1930 – 26 October 2015) was an Indian scholar, economist, former visiting professor at Harvard Business School, advisor to the World Bank and the UN Commission on Transnational Corporations,  and was  a professor and  the second director of the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad.He served from 8 September 1972 to 30 June 1978. He also taught at the Kennedy School of Government and the Woodrow Wilson School of Public Affairs, Princeton University. Upon his return from Washington to India, he pioneered the creation of citizen report cards, a tool for social accountability. Later, he went on to be the founding chairperson of a new think tank, the Public Affairs Centre India that has taken his work forward. Other organisations that he helped launch are the Public Affairs Foundation, the Coalition Against Corruption and the Children's Movement for Civic Awareness. He had also been on the Boards of the State Bank of India and several international research centres. In recent years, his focus had been on public governance and related issues. He was the first Asian to be awarded the Jit Gill Memorial Award by the World Bank, in 2006. Paul was also the recipient of the Fred Riggs Award of the American Society of Public Administration, and the Nohria award of the All India Management Association. Government of India honoured him with Padma Shri in 2004.Books:
Corruption in India: Agenda For Action (co-author), Vision Books, Delhi, 1997,
Who Benefits from India's Public Services (co-author), Academic Foundation, Delhi, 2006,
Fighting Corruption: The Way Forward, Academic Foundation, Delhi, 2013. The Paradox of India's North South Divide (co-author), Sage, Delhi, 2015.
Masahito Kohiyama (小桧山 雅仁, Kohiyama Masahito, born May 7, 1969) is a former professional baseball player from Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan.
Kohiyama was drafted in the first round of the 1992 amateur draft by the Yokohama BayStars. He was successful in his rookie year, pitching as the setup man for closer Kazuhiro Sasaki, but problems with control led the BayStars to drop him in 2001. He played with the Chinatrust Whales (a team in the Chinese Professional Baseball League) in 2002 before retiring. He currently works at TBS Radio & Communications.
He won a bronze medal in the 1992 Summer Olympics before entering the Japanese professional leagues. He pitched a shutout win against Puerto Rico in the Olympic tournament. He is the only pitcher to have recorded a shutout game in Olympic baseball.
Marsyas is a 150-meter-long, ten storey high sculpture designed by Anish Kapoor and Cecil Balmond. It was on show at Tate Modern gallery, London in 2003 and was commissioned as part of the Unilever Series. Marsyas was the third in a series of commissions for Tate Modern’s Turbine Hall and the first to make use of the entire space.Anish Kapoor is renowned for his sculptural forms that permeate physical and psychological space. Cecil Balmond is a designer, artist, architect, engineer, and writer. He is also the recipient of the RIBA Charles Jencks Award for Theory in Practice.Marsyas consists of three steel rings joined together by a single span of specially-designed red PVC membrane. The two rings are positioned vertically, at each end of the space, while a third is suspended parallel with the bridge. Wedged into place, the geometry generated by these three rigid steel structures determines the sculpture’s overall form, a shiftform vertical to horizontal and back to vertical again. Using digital form-finding techniques that simulate the forces found in biological forms – i.e. surface tension, uniform and hydrostatic pressure, the design was inspired by multiple parallel and diverging concepts and processes.
The sculpture's title refers to Marsyas, the satyr in Greek mythology, who was flayed alive by the god Apollo.The Guardian called it “the biggest sculpture at Tate Modern and probably the biggest in any art gallery in the world.” Kapoor and Balmond have collaborated on other art projects. They jointly designed Temenos, ‘a gently twisted tube on a vast butterfly net’ which appeared in June, located in the UK’s Teesside. It is the first of five giant sculpture which will form in the biggest public art work in the world.Balmond and Kapoor have also designed London's ArcelorMittal Orbit which opened for the 2012 Summer Olympics.In 2003, the composition Lamentate (Homage to Anish Kapoor and his sculpture "Marsyas") for piano and orchestra by Estonian composer Arvo Pärt was premiered in the Tate Modern Turbine Hall.
Cloverdale is an unincorporated community in Wood County, Ohio, United States and is part of Portage Township and located at the intersection of Cloverdale and Kramer roads.
Citharinus is a genus of lutefishes from tropical Africa, with six currently described species:
Aflibercept, sold under the brand names Eylea and Zaltrap, is a medication used to treat wet macular degeneration and metastatic colorectal cancer. It was developed by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and is approved in the United States and the European Union.It is an inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF).
Bicho ("beast", in Portuguese) is a 1977 studio album by Caetano Veloso. The album was recorded after Veloso spent a month with Gilberto Gil in Lagos, Nigeria, and the influence of African music such as Jùjú can be heard throughout the album.
The Kingoodie artefact is an object with the characteristics of a corroded iron nail found in a block of Devonian sandstone in 1844 in the Kingoodie Quarry in Kingoodie, Scotland.
David Brewster reported to the British Association for the Advancement of Science that the nail was found when a rough block of stone was being prepared for dressing. The nail was discovered when the overlying clay was cleared from the stone, with half an inch (12.7 mm) of the nail projecting into the clay and the remainder of the nail lying along the surface of the stone to within an inch of the head which went down into the stone. It is not known from what part of the quarry the stone came, and it was handled at least four or five times between being found in the quarry and moved to where it was dressed.There are, however, few references to this object, and the mysteries surrounding its discovery were typical for the nineteenth century. Most such mysteries were resolved by the twentieth century.
Cape Velyky Fontan (some time translated as Big Fontan, or Great Fontan, Ukrainian: Мис Великий Фонтан, Russian: Мыс Большой Фонтан) is a southern point of the Gulf of Odessa. It is located in the southern part of the city of Odessa.
The Maskinongé River is located north of the administrative region of Lanaudière and west of the administrative region of Mauricie, in Quebec, in  Canada.
The river has a total length of 40 km. It takes its source in Maskinongé Lake, located in Saint-Gabriel-de-Brandon. It crosses the municipalities of Saint-Gabriel-de-Brandon, Saint-Gabriel, and Saint-Didace in the region of Lanaudière; then Saint-Justin, Louiseville, and Maskinongé before pour into the north shore of Lake Saint-Pierre at the height of this municipality.
Anderson Souza Conceição (born 1 February 1994), known as Anderson Talisca or Talisca, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Al-Nassr in Saudi Professional League as an attacking midfielder or forward.
The She River (She pronounced like "shuh"), also known by its Chinese name Sheshui, is a left tributary of the Yangtze in central China.  It has a length of 112 km.  The route of the She River was noted in  the Commentary on the Water Classic.It is the namesake of Shekou in Huangpi District, Wuhan. Shekouxincheng Station is located near the mouth of the She River.
In probability theory and statistics, the gamma distribution is a two-parameter family of continuous probability distributions.  The exponential distribution, Erlang distribution, and chi-square distribution are special cases of the gamma distribution.  There are two different parameterizations in common use:
With a shape parameter α = k and an inverse scale parameter β = 1/θ, called a rate parameter.In each of these forms, both parameters are positive real numbers.
The gamma distribution is the maximum entropy probability distribution (both with respect to a uniform base measure and with respect to a 1/x base measure) for a random variable X for which E[X] = kθ = α/β is fixed and greater than zero, and E[ln(X)] = ψ(k) + ln(θ) = ψ(α) − ln(β) is fixed (ψ is the digamma function).
Vietnam Atomic Energy Commission (abbreviation VAEC) is an agency under The Ministry of Science and Technology of Vietnam government with mission of studying formulation of policies, strategies, planning and plans for atomic energy development in Vietnam; conducting fundamental and applied research on nuclear science and technology, nuclear reactor technology, nuclear reactor fuel and material, radiation protection and nuclear safety, radioactive waste treatment and management technology.
Blackhill and Consett Park is a park in Consett, County Durham, England. The park along with Benfieldside Cemetery and a number buildings comprise the Blackhill conservation area.
The Chainsaw Kittens were a part of the American alternative rock scene, drawing from pop, glam rock, punk, new wave and British Invasion music. Their lyrics tackled such varied topics as religion, the Stonewall riots, Federico Fellini, Oklahoma, Erik Menendez, and Oscar Wilde.Based in Norman, Oklahoma, its name a reference to the band members' youth and "chainsaw guitar sound", the Chainsaw Kittens were active from 1989 to 2000. Debuting with a sound described 1991 SPIN review as "The Smiths meet the New York Dolls meet the devil", the group gained attention with "thrift-store transvestism," which it abandoned when the look "started to overshadow the music." The band underwent several personnel changes, but maintained the presence of principal singer/songwriter Tyson Meade, previously of Norman alt-rock outfit Defenestration, and guitarist/producer Trent Bell.Though the Kittens saw little commercial success during their period of activity, they have since won praise as 
"[a]rguably the best American band who never made it" in the '90s heyday of alternative rock.In the 1995 movie Empire Records, the character Mark, played by Ethan Embry, is wearing a "Chainsaw Kittens" t-shirt throughout the movie.
The band reunited for a performance at the Norman Music Festival in Norman, Oklahoma on April 26, 2008. The band reunited once more on September 8, 2017 to commemorate the 15th anniversary of the Norman music venue The Opolis.On October 4, 2017, drummer Eric Harmon died from colon cancer at the age of 48.
Young Oon Kim (1914–1989) was a leading theologian of the Unification Church and its first missionary to the United States.
The Musée Arménien de France is a private museum of Armenian art and archaeology located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris at Fondation Nourhan Fringhian, 59 avenue Foch, Paris, France.
The museum was established in 1949 by Nourhan Fringhian, and has been irregularly open to the public since inception. It represents the culture and traditions of Armenia through ceramics, translated Bibles and other liturgical works, religious objects, amulets, paintings, and about 500 coins.The museum is currently closed to the public, but the collection remains presented on its website www.le-maf.com.
Bahawalnagar Tehsil (Urdu: تحصیل بہاولنگر) is a tehsil located in Bahawalnagar District, Punjab, Pakistan. There are two towns in Bahawalnagar Tehsil: Bahawalnagar and Dunga Bunga. The city of Bahawalnagar is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 31 Union Councils.
Little Plymouth is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.
Sydney Selwyn (7 November 1934 – 8 November 1996) was a British physician, medical scientist, and professor. 
He was a medical microbiologist with an interest in bacteriology, authority on the history of medicine, avid collector, writer, lecturer, world traveller, and occasional radio and TV broadcaster.
Deluge is a fireboat (also referred to as a firefighting tug) in New Orleans, Louisiana. Built by Johnson Drydock & Shipbuilding Co. of New Orleans in 1923, she was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1989. She was the nation's second oldest fireboat at the time.In March 1930, a fire broke out on the freighter Scantic, lasting two days. Ten crew members were killed. It was the first major fire the Deluge had to put out.   
In March 1958, a schoolhouse was on fire in Algiers. The Deluge helped aid the firemen by dousing the school with a quarter of a million gallons of water from the river.The most famous fire battled by the Deluge was the Christmas Eve fire in 1950. A barge with crude oil smashed into the Standard Oil tanker Baltimore, resulting in an oil spill. Fire quickly engulfed the oil, and from the docks it looked as though the river were on fire. Deluge quickly arrived and peppered the boats and the surrounding area with gallons of water. Successfully, the fireboat ended the threat.It was common for Deluge to fight forty fires a year. Along with battling fires, Deluge also completed other tasks. She completed numerous towing jobs as well as maintenance after a fire had occurred. This usually required clearing the silt off of docks and boats. Deluge would also rescue floating barges and boats and bring them back to the docks.The Deluge was retired in 1992.She is no longer operational and would require hundreds of thousands of dollars to fix. It is possible the fireboat will be stripped for its scrap metal if no buyer comes forward, as the maintenance for the boat is steadily increasing.
These are the results for the 2004 edition of the Deutschland Tour cycling race, which was won by Germany's Patrik Sinkewitz.
This is a list of television programmes that are either currently being broadcast or have previously been broadcast on CaribVision through their media centre in Barbados.
Deh-e Molla Bozorg (Persian: ده ملابزرگ, also Romanized as Deh-e Mollā Bozorg, Deh Mollā Bozorg, and Deh Mollā-ye Bozorg; also known as Deh Mollā and Deh Mulla) is a village in Soviren Rural District, Cham Khalaf-e Isa District, Hendijan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,031, in 218 families.
La Mancelière (French pronunciation: ​[la mɑ̃s(ə)ljɛʁ]) is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department and Centre-Val de Loire region of north-central France. It lies 44 km north-west of Chartres, 30 km west-south-west of Dreux, and some 105 km from Paris.
Jilji of Geumgwan Gaya (died 492) (r. 451–492) was the eighth ruler of Geumgwan Gaya, a Gaya state of ancient Korea.  He was the son of King Chwihui and Queen Indeok.  He married Queen Bangwon, who was the daughter of the Sagan Geumsang.
A passage in the Samguk Yusa indicates that he built a Buddhist temple for the ancestral queen Heo Hwang-ok on the spot where she and King Suro were married.  He called the temple Wanghusa ("the Queen's temple", 王后寺) and provided it with ten gyeol of stipend land.  The temple reportedly endured for five hundred years. A gyeol or kyŏl (결 or 結), varied in size from 2.2 acres to 9 acres (8,903–36,422 m2) depending upon the fertility of the land.
Suullar Myraan (Yakut: Сууллар Мыраан) is a hill in Megino-Kangalassky Ulus, in the Sakha Republic, Russia.  It is a long sand hill located by the Suola River, a right hand tributary of the Lena River.The hill stands out in the surrounding flat landscape. Its name means "leaning mountain" in the Yakut language. Suullar Myraan rises by the banks of the Suola river 0.4 kilometres (0.25 mi) from Tyokhtyur village and 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from Tomtor.
Nanyumbu is one of the six districts of the southern Mtwara Region in Tanzania.
The Webb Sisters are an English musical duo comprising the siblings Charley and Hattie Webb from Kent, England. They were backing singers for Leonard Cohen and Tom Petty.
The 1954–55 Scottish Cup was the 70th staging of Scotland's most prestigious football knockout competition. The Cup was won by Clyde who defeated Celtic in the replayed final. It was Clyde's second cup success, whilst Celtic lost in the final having won the last five Scottish Cup finals that they had played in. The 1955 final was the first to be televised live, being broadcast by the BBC. This was not officially announced before the match. The replayed final was not televised.
Archer "Archie" Parr (December 25, 1860 or 1859 – October 18, 1942), was a Texas cattle rancher and politician, who was nicknamed "the Duke of Duval County", where he was the local Democratic Party political boss. Beginning in 1914, Parr was elected to the Texas State Senate for numerous consecutive terms, serving nearly two decades, from 1915 to 1934. He had previously been elected as country commissioner, serving for a decade after repeated re-election. He amassed a great fortune through his career.
Anglo in ancestry, Parr spoke Spanish and acted as a patron, developing a power base among the Mexican Americans who constituted the majority of residents in the county. He retained their favor by supporting his constituents, showing sensitivity to their customs, and sometimes making cash payments. Parr controlled the party machine in the county. By his death in 1942, his son, George Parr, had taken it over, keeping control until 1975.
A landing helicopter dock (LHD) is a multipurpose amphibious assault ship which is capable of operating helicopters and has a well deck. The United States Navy (USN) and the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) use the term as a hull classification symbol.
LHD vessels are built with a full flight deck similar in appearance to an aircraft carrier to operate utility and attack helicopters. Some can also operate tilt rotor aircraft such as the MV-22 Osprey and VSTOL aircraft such as the AV-8 Harrier and the F-35B Lightning II. Examples of this kind of ship include the USN's  Wasp class, French Navy's  Mistral class and ships of the Spanish Navy's Juan Carlos I class including those designs based on the class, such as the Royal Australian Navy's  Canberra class. Other nations also use the designation for their vessels, such as the Republic of Korea Navy for its  Dokdo class.The Landing Helicopter Assault (LHA) USN warship classes both precede and follow the ships classed LHD. Most LHAs also have well decks of a comparable size to LHDs, with the exception of the first two  America-class ships (LHA-6 and LHA-7) which lack the well deck entirely, taking the space for larger aviation facilities. However, LHA-8 will feature a well deck, returning the terms to their more interchangeable state.
Argyarctia sericeipennis is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by Rothschild in 1933. It is found in China (Yunnan).
The wingspan is about 68 mm. The forewings are white, with an intense satin sheen and with narrow black hairlines. The hindwings are satin white.
Frans Freno Sauyai (born June 6, 1987) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiram Raja Ampat in the Indonesia Super League.
James Gettis (May 4, 1816 – December 14, 1867) was a lawyer and judge in Tampa, Florida.  He was the second lawyer in Tampa. Gettis was also a city councilman, and state representative, and the first town clerk.
Originally from Pennsylvania, Gettis came to Tampa in 1848.  He promoted development of Tampa and sought to bring rail service to the area.
An ardent Confederate secessionist during the Civil War, he attended Florida's Secession Convention and signed the Ordinance of Secession, and was the hero of the Battle of Tampa.
Jesse Hunter (born January 14, 1959) is an American country music artist.
Hunter signed to BNA Records in 1994, the same year that he released his Barry Beckett-produced debut album A Man Like Me. The album produced three chart singles in "Born Ready," "The Way She's Lookin'" and "Long Legged Hannah (From Butte, Montana)," his highest-charting single at No. 42 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. "Born Ready" and "Long Legged Hannah" also charted on the RPM country charts in Canada. Michael Hight of New Country magazine gave Hunter's debut album a three-and-a-half star rating out of five, comparing his voice to Johnny Cash's and saying "the renegade nature[…]positions him as a folk hero who has lived and learned and is ready to talk about it."
Certified Crunk is a compilation by Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz.
The Mawson Station, commonly called Mawson, is one of three permanent bases and research outposts in Antarctica managed by the Australian Antarctic Division (AAD). Mawson lies in Holme Bay in Mac. Robertson Land, East Antarctica in the Australian Antarctic Territory, a territory claimed by Australia. Established in 1954, Mawson is Australia's oldest Antarctic station and the oldest continuously inhabited Antarctic station south of the Antarctic Circle.Mawson was named in honour of the Australian Antarctic explorer Sir Douglas Mawson.Mawson was listed on the Register of the National Estate in 2001 and listed on the Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004, reflecting the post-World War Two revival of Australia's scientific research and territorial interests in Antarctica.
The 2017 Stetson Hatters football team represented Stetson University during the 2017 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by fifth-year head coach Roger Hughes and played their home games at Spec Martin Stadium. They were members of the Pioneer Football League. They finished the season 2–9, 1–7 in PFL play to finish in tenth place.
Galal Amer (Arabic: جلال عامر; 23 July 1952 – 12 February 2012) was an Egyptian journalist, well known for his sarcasm and sense of humor. He graduated from Egyptian Military Academy, and fought in several wars, such as War of Attrition and October War. He is an inspiration for many Arabian sarcastic journalists. After his death, a street was named after him in Alexandria, where he was born.
Cuffern Manor in Roch, Pembrokeshire is a house of historical significance and is listed on the Wales Heritage Register. It was built in 1770 by John Rees Stokes shortly after he inherited a fortune from his cousin. It remained in the Stokes family for the next 150 years. Today it provides bed and breakfast accommodation and caters for special events particularly weddings.
Kami-Ogawa Station (上小川駅, Kami-Ogawa-eki) is a passenger railway station in the town of Daigo, Kuji District, Ibaraki Prefecture, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
There and Back Again is the second album, and first studio album, by Phil Lesh and Friends.  It was released by Columbia Records in 2002.
Warwick Senior High School is a public co-educational high day school, located in Warwick, a northern suburb of Perth, Western Australia. Founded in 1981, the school provides education to approximately 900 students from Year 7 to Year 12.
Gagea olgae is an Asian  species of plants in the lily family. It is native to Iran, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, and Xinjiang.Gagea olgae is a bulb-forming perennial up to 6 cm tall. Flowers look yellow from the front, dark purple from the rear.The species is named for plant collector Olga Fedschenko.
West Virginia Route 36 is a north–south state highway in West Virginia. The southern terminus of the route is at West Virginia Route 4 in Maysel. The northern terminus is at U.S. Route 119 in Spencer.
Ventsislav Radev (Bulgarian: Венцислав Радев; born 9 January 1961) is a Bulgarian male former track and field athlete who competed in the 110 metres hurdles. From Varna, he represented his country at the 1983 World Championships in Athletics (being a finalist there) and at the Friendship Games in 1984.He won one national title in the 110 m hurdles, setting a championship record of 13.59 seconds to achieve this in 1983. He had greater success indoors, with three consecutive titles in the 60 metres hurdles from 1987 to 1989. His 1988 winning time of 7.73 seconds stood as a championship record for twelve years.
Fatma Bouri (born 9 January 1993) is a Tunisian handball player for Club Africain and the Tunisian national team.
Gymnothorax sokotrensis is a moray eel found in the western Indian Ocean, around Yemen. It was first named by Kotthaus in 1968.
Lincoln Lee is a fictional character on the Fox television series Fringe (2008–2013). Lincoln first appeared in the season two finale on May 13, 2010. He is portrayed by actor Seth Gabel.
Initially, Gabel was cast for just the finale, and did not hear about his character's return until the end of the following summer. To date he has played four versions of his character, one in each universe and timeline. The actor was promoted to a full-time regular for the series' fourth season before departing at the end when his character remained in the alternate universe. Lee returned at the end of the fifth season, in the episode "Liberty".
Alexey Aleksandrovich Dobrovolsky (also known as Dobroslav; October 13, 1938, Moscow - May 19, 2013, Vesenevo, Kirov Oblast) was a Soviet-Russian ideologue of Russian Rodnoverie (a form of Slavic neopaganism), national anarchist, Neo Nazi, and volkhv of the Nature Conservation Society "Strely Yarily". Dobrovolsky was the author of the self-published article “Arrows of Yarila” for neopagans. In the 1950s-1960s, he was a member of the dissident movement of the USSR and the National Alliance of Russian Solidarists (NTS).
Acrocercops asaphogramma is a moth of the family Gracillariidae, known from Brazil. It was described by E. Meyrick in 1920.
Alleroy (Russian: Аллерой; Chechen: Ӏаларой-Эвла) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kurchaloyevsky District of the Chechen Republic, Russia.
Holumnica (German: Hollomnitz) is a village and municipality in Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region of north Slovakia.
Netani Suka, also known by the nickname of "T", is a Fijian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Wentworthville Magpies in the Bundaberg Red Cup. He plays in the second-row. He is a Fijian international. He has previously played Premier League for the Wests Tigers and Penrith Panthers and for the Gateshead Thunder in National League Two..
He was named in the Fiji training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup and played for Fiji Bati ahead of the 2013 Rugby League World Cup.
The 660th Radar Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 20th NORAD Region (ADTAC), Tactical Air Command, stationed at MacDill AFB, Florida. It was inactivated on 15 November 1980.
The unit was a General Surveillance Radar squadron providing for the air defense of the United States.
Ophisops elegans, commonly known as the snake-eyed lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae. The species is endemic to the Mediterranean region and Central Asia. There are nine recognized subspecies.
Otterburne is a small settlement in the Rural Municipality of De Salaberry, Manitoba, located about 50 kilometers south of Winnipeg. It is named after Otterburn, Northumberland in England, and is the location of Providence University College and Theological Seminary. 
On 30 July 2005, a wind storm reaching speeds of over 150 km/h ripped through the Otterburne area, destroying trees, damaging buildings, and picking up irrigation wheels which weighed over 15 tonnes. Eyewitnesses reported that they had seen a tornado.
Ajin (آجين, also romanized as Ājīn) is a populated place in Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,343, in 766 families.
Miss Dominican Republic (Spanish: Miss República Dominicana) is a national beauty pageant in the Dominican Republic.
Mutsuko Sakura (桜 むつ子, Sakura Mutsuko, 15 February 1921 – 23 January 2005) was a Japanese actress.
Her hobby was golf. She started work at Shochiku in 1950, and played supporting roles in some of Yasujirō Ozu's films. She was a constant in Japanese film and TV drama for half of the 20th century.
"Hello, Again (Mukashi kara Aru Basho)" (Hello, Again ～昔からある場所～, lit. "A Place That's Been There for Ages") is a song by Japanese band My Little Lover. It was released as a single on August 21, 1995, and is currently the band's biggest hit single.
Ancyromonadida or Planomonadida is a small group of biflagellated protists found in the soil and in aquatic habitats, where they feed on bacteria. Includes freshwater or marine organisms, benthic, dorsoventrally compressed and with two unequal flagellae, each emerging from a separate pocket.  The apical anterior flagellum can be very thin or end in the cell membrane, while the posterior flagellum is long and is inserted ventrally or laterally.  The cell membrane is supported by a thin single layer teak and the mitochondrial crests are discoidal / flat.The group's placement is doubtful, as it seems to fall outside the five supergroups of Eukarya. Cavalier-Smith considers that they constitute a basal group to Amoebozoa and Opisthokonta and places it together with other related groups in Sulcozoa. However, they appear more basal than Malawimonas, placing them in Loukouzoa, possibly as stem podiates, and depending on the placement of the root position of the Eukaryotes.
Apocalypse Max: Better Dead Than Undead is an iOS 2D platform/shooting game developed by American studio Wandake and released on September 14, 2012.
Endotricha aureorufa is a species of snout moth in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Paul Ernest Sutton Whalley in 1963, and is known from New Guinea.
Barikot is an administrative subdivision (Tehsil) of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
District Swat has 7 Tehsils i.e. Tehsil Barikot, Tehsil Babuzai, Tehsil Matta, Tehsil Khwaza Khela,  Tehsil Kabal, Tehsil Charbagh and Tehsil Bahrain. Each Tehsil comprises certain numbers of Union council. There are 65 Union council in district Swat, 56 rural and 09 urban.
According to Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Local Government Act 2013. Tehsil Barikot have following 5 Wards:
Lenquete is a village in the Gabú Region of central-eastern Guinea-Bissau. It lies to the northwest of Gabú.
King Swamp is the self-titled debut album of the British rock band King Swamp.  Originally released in May 1989, the album was well received by critics.  But, its failure to peak even in the top-150 on the Billboard 200 proved to be a bad omen.  When their second album failed to chart anywhere in the U.S. or the U.K., the band split up.  Despite the failure of the album to find a commercial audience, it did have the distinction of being featured on the 1980s TV show Miami Vice.  The track 'Year Zero' was used during the pre-credit car chase sequence of the two-hour finale episode titled "Freefall" (first aired on 21 May 1989).
Al-Sinaa Stadium (Arabic: ملعب الصناعة) is a multi-use stadium in Baghdad, Iraq. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Al-Sinaa SC. The stadium holds up to 10,000 people.The stadium hosted the 2017 Iraq FA Cup Final on 22 August 2017 between Al-Zawraa and Naft Al-Wasat. Al-Zawraa won the match 1–0 with a stoppage time goal from Alaa Abdul-Zahra, for the club's record 15th title.
The 1995 WAFU Club Championship was the 18th  football club tournament season that took place for the runners-up or third place of each West African country's domestic league, the West African Club Championship. It was won again by Nigeria's Bendel Insurance after defeating Plateau United in two legs, it was the first final that feature both clubs from a single country.  A total of about around 35 goals were scored.
Berlin-Lichterfelde Süd station is a Berlin S-Bahn station on the Anhalt Suburban Line in Lichterfelde in the Berlin borough of Steglitz-Zehlendorf. The station was the southern terminus for S-Bahn trains on the Anhalt Suburban Line between 1943 and 1951, between 1961 and 1984 and between 1998 and 2005. From 1951 until the building of the Berlin Wall, services continued past the city limits to nearby Teltow. The station was closed between 1984 and 1998. Since 2005, the trains have run to Teltow Stadt.
Together with Osdorfer Straße station, this connects the Thermometersiedlung high-rise housing estate to the Berlin S-Bahn network.
The Theatre Royal and Metropole Hotel is a heritage-listed building in Perth, Western Australia, located at 637–645 Hay Street. Both the hotel (also known as Hotel Metropole) and the theatre were built by businessman Thomas Molloy, completed in 1893 and 1897 respectively.
Floorball in India is governed by the Indian Floorball Federation.  It was created in 2001, but the National Floorball Championships were held before that time. The 13th National Championships were held in January 2019.The Indian Floorball Federation is a member of the International Floorball Federation and has participated in international competitions called 'international friendlies'.
Valentin Buhăcianu (born 28 October 1993) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for FC Hermannstadt. In his career, Buhăcianu also played for Bucovina Pojorâta, Știința Miroslava or Aerostar Bacău, among others. He was one of the Liga III top scorers in 2016, when he played for Atletico Vaslui, then he was the top scorer of Liga II, at the end of the 2018–19 season and the second top scorer at the end of the 2019–20 season.
Sarpol-e Zahab (Persian: سرپل ذهاب, Sarpole Zahâb; Kurdish: Serpêllî Zehaw, سەرپێڵی زەهاو; also romanized as Sarpol-e Z̄ahāb, Sar-e Pol-e Z̄ahāb, and Sar-ī-Pūl Zūhāb; also known as Pol-e Z̄ahāb, Sarpole-Zahab, Pol-e Z̄ohāb, Sarī-Pūl, and Sarpol) is a city and capital of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran, close to the Iraqi border. At the 2006 census, its population was 34,632.
Amparanoia is the pseudonym of Spanish singer/guitarist Amparo Sánchez combining her first name with the word 'paranoia'. It was also the name of the band she fronted from 1996 to 2006. Debut album, El Poder de Machín, has been described as being "bright, exuberant... with a heavy Latin influence", whereas the 2002-released Somos Viento  has been called "a more 
Hidaka-Horobetsu Station (日高幌別駅, Hidaka-Horobetsu-eki) is a railway station on the Hidaka Main Line in Urakawa, Hokkaido, Japan, operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company (JR Hokkaido). The station opened on 10 August 1937.
Services on the 116 km section of the line between Mukawa and Samani have been suspended indefinitely since January 2015 due to storm damage.
Stabæk Bandy is the bandy section of Stabæk IF, a Norwegian sports club from Stabekk/Bekkestua in Bærum, founded in 1912.
They are a domestically successful club. However, they have failed to make a big impact in the Bandy World Cup.
Alexey Dmitriyevich Krutikov (1902–1962) was a Soviet politician and statesman who served as Deputy People's Commissar (1940–1946) / Deputy Minister (1946–1948) for Foreign Trade in 1940-1948 and Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the USSR in 1948-1949.
The Odeum Expo Center is a convention center located in Villa Park, Illinois.  It features 20,106 square feet (1,868 m2) of exhibit space at the North Hall and 21,632 square feet (2,010 m2) of exhibit space at the South Hall.
Both halls have pitched roofs as high as 50 feet (15 m).  The South Hall is also used as an arena with an 85-by-194-foot artificial turf surface for indoor soccer or indoor football.  It can seat 2,500 for indoor soccer, football or lacrosse, and up to 5,500 for boxing, MMA/UFC, wrestling, and concerts.  In addition, the Odeum Expo Center features two mezzanines, the lower with 4,340 square feet (403 m2) and the upper mezzanine with 13,024 square feet (1,210 m2) and a roof up to 40 feet (12 m).  There are also 9,750 square feet (906 m2) of meeting space and a 2,064-square-foot (192 m2) lobby.
In 2010, the Odeum became the home to the Chicago Cardinals of the Continental Indoor Football League.  Also in 2010 the Chicago Riot of the Major Indoor Soccer League began play at the Odeum Expo Center. In 2014, the Chicago Blitz professional indoor football team began play at the Odeum in the CIFL. They continued their home games through 2016 as a member of the AIF, until the league folded and team subsequently cancelled their remaining season games.
Shane Beros (born 22 October 1973, in Perth, Western Australia) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Swan Districts in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) from 1998 to 2008. He was the winner of the 2003 Sandover Medal.
Riders of the Dawn (Spanish: Los Jinetes del Alba) is a 1990 Spanish film, written and directed by Vicente Aranda, an adaptation of a novel by Jesús Fernández Santos. It stars Victoria Abril and Jorge Sanz.
Made as five-episode television miniseries for Televisión Española, it premiered at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival as two-part feature film. The miniseries was broadcast on La Primera Cadena of Televisión Española in 1991.
Mukō, Kyoto Prefecture held an election for the city assembly on August 5, 2007. 24 seats where contested by 25 candidates.
Rochester Airport (IATA: RCS, ICAO: EGTO) is an operational general aviation aerodrome located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) south of Rochester, Medway, South East England, with the River Medway 1.5 NM (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) from the end of runway 34, 3.4 mi (5.5 km) from Chatham and its Historic Dockyard and the Medway area.
Rochester Aerodrome has a CAA Ordinary Licence (Number P846) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction as authorised by the licensee (Rochester Airport PLC).
Vácha is a Czech masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Váchová. It may refer to:
Lamprechtshausen is a municipality in the district of Salzburg-Umgebung in the state of Salzburg in Austria.
Two Jims and Zoot (also reissued as Otra Vez)  is an album by guitarists Jimmy Raney and Jim Hall with saxophonist Zoot Sims which was recorded in 1964 for the Mainstream label.
Edward Albert Galigher (October 15, 1950 – November 27, 2018) was a professional American football defensive lineman who played for seven seasons for the San Francisco 49ers and the New York Jets.
Galigher graduated from Sunset High School in Hayward, California in 1968.Galigher played football for Chabot College in Hayward in 1968 and 1969.
The Wolf and the Lamb is a well-known fable of Aesop and is numbered 155 in the Perry Index. There are several variant stories of tyrannical injustice in which a victim is falsely accused and killed despite a reasonable defence.
Hugh Jenkin High (October 24, 1888 – November 16, 1962), nicknamed "Bunny," was an American baseball player. He played professional baseball as an outfielder for 15 years from 1911 to 1925, including six years in Major League Baseball for the Detroit Tigers in 1913 and 1914 and for the New York Yankees from 1915 through 1918.  He compiled a career batting average of .250 and led the American League's outfielders with a .981 fielding percentage in 1915. He later played for the Vernon Tigers in the Pacific Coast League from 1919 to 1923.
Himandhoo (Dhivehi: ހިމެންދޫ) is one of the inhabited islands of the Alif Alif Atoll in the Maldives.
Gustaf Ekberg is a retired Swedish footballer. Ekberg made 18 Svenska Serien appearances for Djurgården and scored 1 goals.
Best United Football Club is a Burmese football club, founded in 2013.
Operation Green (German: Unternehmen Grün) often also referred to as Case Green (Fall Grün) or Plan Green (Plan Grün), was a full-scale operations plan for a Nazi German invasion of Ireland planned by an unknown German officer known by the alias "Hadel" in support of Operation Sea Lion (Unternehmen Seelöwe), the invasion of the United Kingdom, during World War II. Despite its detailed nature, Operation Green is thought to have been designed only as a credible threat, a feint, not an actual operation. Plan W, a planned occupation of all of the Free State by the British Armed Forces, was drafted by the British military in secret liaison with the Irish government to counteract any German invasion.
German interest in Green and Operation Sea Lion must always be understood in the context of their overall strategic plan. That, first and foremost, was Operation Barbarossa, the invasion and destruction of the Soviet Union. They had little interest in tying up military resources in Britain or France, other than doing what was necessary to prevent the British and French from interfering with the invasion of the Soviet Union.
Implementation of Green was the responsibility of General der Artillerie Leonhard Kaupisch, commander of the German Fourth and Seventh Army Corps, Army Group B.  The originator of the idea for Green is thought to be newly promoted Generalfeldmarschall Fedor von Bock, Army Group B. Bock had operational command for the western flank under Operation Sea Lion. Once collated, thirty-two copies of Green were distributed as "Top Secret" on 8 August 1940 to the German High Command; a number of copies survived World War II.
John M. J. Quinn (1886–1955) was a Monsignor and from 1951 to 1955 head of St. Francis Xavier's Church in the Bronx, New York, and also head of the Catholic War Veterans.
The Arlington Garden is a 3-acre (1.2 ha) botanical garden, located in Pasadena, California. It is Pasadena's only dedicated free public garden. The garden was designed by Mayita Dinos; planting was first begun in 2005.
Cysteinyldopa is a catecholamine.  Excessive cysteinyldopa in plasma and urine has been linked to malignant melanoma. Cysteinyldopa is found in large amounts in the plasma and urine of patients with malignant melanoma. It is therefore used in the diagnosis of melanoma and for the detection of postoperative metastases. Cysteinyldopa is believed to be formed by the rapid enzymatic hydrolysis of 5-S-glutathionedopa found in melanin-producing cells.
Czasław [ˈt͡ʂaswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciechowice, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Raciechowice, 16 km (10 mi) east of Myślenice, and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
Muncheon Gong clan (Korean: 문천 공씨; Hanja: 文川 公氏) was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Munchon, South Hamgyong Province. According to the research in 2000, the number of Muncheon Gong clan was 686. Gong Yun bo, a descendant of Gong Ha su who was a pupil of Confucius, was one of the Jinshi (hanja: 进士) in Tang dynasty. He was naturalized in Silla in 755 in order to avoid the conflicts named An Lushan Rebellion in Tang dynasty during Emperor Xuanzong of Tang’s reign. Muncheon Gong clan’s founder was Gong Bo eon. He was a descendant of Gong Yun bo and was banished to Muncheon in Joseon period during Sejong the Great’s reign.
This is a list of mosques in the city of Lahore, Pakistan. This city has remained capital of Delhi Sultanate and Mughal Empire at various times, thus hosting multiple  mosques from that era.
Haojiang District (simplified Chinese: 濠江区; traditional Chinese: 濠江區; pinyin: Háojiāng Qū) is a district of Shantou, Guangdong province, People's Republic of China. It was established in March 2003, consisting the former Dahao (达濠) and Hepu (河浦) districts. It covers 134.88 square kilometres (52.08 sq mi). Dahao Island, which covers about 80 square kilometres (31 sq mi), is part of Shantou special economic zone, to the west of Chaoyang District. Overlooking across the Queshi sea (礐石海), there are Longhu District and Jinping District. Located on the coast of the South China Sea, Haojiang District has about 20 harbours. It has a population of 270,000.
Maxine Phyllis Feibelman (born 1952) is a former seamstress for California bands who was married for several years to Elton John's frequent collaborator Bernie Taupin.  Her romance, marriage, and break-up with Taupin influenced some of Taupin's and John's songs, she provided the title and refrain for one of their songs, and she supported John's path toward his distinct stage costume style.
The O.C. is an American Television series created by Josh Schwartz for the FOX Network in 2003. Schwartz serves as executive producer while also writing and directing for the show, including the premieres and finales of all seasons.
The show began with seven main characters which eventually became 9 by the end of the first season. Since then, characters from that first season have left the show, with new main characters having been both written in and out of the series. Originally, it follows the life of Ryan Atwood, a troubled but tough young man from a broken home who is adopted by the wealthy and philanthropic Sandy and Kirsten Cohen. Ryan and his surrogate brother Seth, a socially awkward yet quick-witted teenager, deal with life as outsiders in the high-class world of Newport Beach. Ryan and Seth spend much time navigating their relationships with girl-next-door Marissa Cooper and Seth's childhood crush Summer Roberts.
Evert Bancker (May 29, 1721 – January 13, 1803) was an American merchant and politician who was Speaker of the New York State Assembly from 1779 to 1783.
The Universidad Católica de la Santísima Concepción sometimes translated as "Catholic University of the Most Holy Conception", (Spanish: Universidad Católica de la Santísima Concepción) is a university in Chile. It is part of the Chilean Traditional Universities.
Riobec is a live album by pianist Cecil Taylor and drummer Günter Sommer recorded in Berlin on June 17, 1988 as part of month-long series of concerts by Taylor and released on the FMP label.In the album liner notes, Sommer is quoted as saying: "To play with Cecil Taylor is a challenge, in many different ways, also on the physical level. Just to have the stamina to last out over a period of one to two hours of extremely active playing is a minimum requirement. At the same time you have to be able to rely on the flow of your own ideas, what you try to impart. Not only just reacting to his music, but keeping up with him, bringing in your own material... We had only improvised together for about twenty minutes that afternoon and so, for the concert, I had to rely on my own fund of experience. The fact that Taylor gives the same importance to each and every note as part of the Whole, made me treat my drums differently. Every single piece, even the cymbal stands, every drum, had the same value, and that is not usually the case. But the continuous 'vibrations' coming from the piano that struck my equipment and were then bounced around, set the whole thing oscillating, anyway."
Kileh Golan (Persian: كيله گلان, also Romanized as Kīleh Golān and Keyleh Golān; also known as Kelīleh Galān, Kīlūlān, and Qīlavān) is a village in Amirabad Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 403, in 92 families. The village is populated by Kurds.
Bullia digitalis, the finger plough shell or plough snail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.These dominant scavengers scent decaying animal matter from a considerable distance so that they converge from all directions to feed.
Bandwidth was a Canadian radio program, which formerly aired on most CBC Radio One stations in Ontario on Saturday afternoons. The program, produced by CBO-FM in Ottawa, was broadcast in all Ontario markets except Toronto, where CBLA-FM airs its own local production, Big City, Small World, in the same time slot. The program also formerly aired in Nunavut, where it was later replaced by The True North Concert Series.
Hosted by Meg Wilcox, the program was an arts and culture magazine which profiles the music scene in the province, including album reviews, interviews with musicians, and live concert performances. Amanda Putz was the program's original host, but took a sabbatical from 2006 to 2009 to work for Radio Television Hong Kong and CBC Radio 3. Later hosts included Alan Neal and Adam Saikaley.
The program's cancellation was announced in April 2014, as part of funding cuts to the CBC. Repeats continued to air in the program's old timeslot until the new program In the Key of C, hosted by Craig Norris from the studios of CBLA-FM-2 in Kitchener, was launched in the fall.The producers of Bandwidth were also associated with Fuse, a concert series which aired across Canada on all three of CBC's radio networks.
Renato Jurčec (born 4 June 1966) is a retired Croatian football player who played as a forward. Jurčec spent his entire career playing for a number of Croatian clubs, including spells at both of the country's powerhouses, Dinamo Zagreb (which was called Croatia Zagreb in the 1990s) and Hajduk Split. He holds the distinction of scoring at least one goal in each of the first 11 Croatian league championships since its inception in 1992 until the 2001–02 season, his last in top level.
Francesco Saverio Salerno (August 27, 1928 – January 21, 2017) was a Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1952, Salerno was named titular bishop of Cerveteri and secretary of the Apostolic Signatura, Italy, in 1997. He served as secretary from 1998 to 2003.
China national under-23 football team, also known as the China Olympic team (国奥队), represents the People's Republic of China in international football competitions in the Olympic Games, Asian Games, as well as any other under-23 international football tournaments. It is governed by the Chinese Football Association (CFA). It combines two teams: China U-23 national team and China U-21 selection team.
Wad ben Naga (also Wad Ban Naqa or Wad Naga) is the name of an ancient town of the Kushitic Kingdom of Meroë in present-day Sudan. The village lies on the eastern bank of the Nile, about 80 kilometers upstream of Meroë and about 40 km southwest of Shendi.
Pryor's Wood is an 8.7 hectare nature reserve in Great Ashby, near Stevenage in Hertfordshire. It was formerly managed by the Herts and Middlesex Wildlife Trust (HMWT). In February 2016 HMWT announced that three sites, Barkway Chalk Pit, Hill End Pit and Pryor's Wood, which HMWT managed on behalf of their owner, North Hertfordshire District Council, were to return to Council management as the Trust was no longer able to meet the cost.The site is mainly oak woodland but in some areas there is hazel coppice and hornbeam, with ground flora of bluebells and dog's mercury. There are many muntjac and fallow deer, and birds include sparrowshawks.There is access from and Gresley Way and Great Ashby District Park.
The city of Byzantium in the Byzantine Empire occupies an important place in the history of garden design between eras and cultures (c. 4th century – 10th century CE). The city, later renamed Constantinople (present day Istanbul), was capital of the Eastern Roman Empire and survived for a thousand years after the fall of the Western Roman Empire. The gardens of Byzantium were, however, mostly destroyed after the 15th-century Turkish conquest of the city.
Charles Kassler Jr (September 9, 1897, Denver, Colorado — April 3, 1979, San Diego, California) was a painter, printmaker, and lithographer.
Eucalyptus × conjuncta is a species of flowering plant that is endemic to a small area of New South Wales. It is a tree with rough stringy bark, lance-shaped adult leaves, flower buds in groups of eleven or more, white flowers and cup-shaped or hemispherical fruit. It is considered to be a stabilised hybrid between E. eugenioides and E. sparsifolia.
The Costume Designers Guild, Local 892, is a union of professional costume designers, assistant costume designers, and illustrators working in film, television, commercials and other media. The CDG is not an employment agency, it is a labor union. As a member of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE), the CDG protects member’s wages and working conditions through collective bargaining. There are many additional benefits to being a member, among them health insurance and a pension, as well as being a part of a vibrant community of over 1200 members, as of July 2021, who shape future policy through participation, share ideas, and support each other.
Since 2005, the CDG has published a quarterly publication, The Costume Designer Magazine. Additionally, they have a CDG Newsletter for members. The Costume Designers Guild Awards recognizes excellence in costume design in motion pictures, television, and commercials, and other media.
In 1976, the Costume Designers Guild joined the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE), becoming Local 892 of the IATSE.
Indesit Company (; Italian pronunciation: [ˈindezit]) was an Italian company based in Fabriano, Ancona. It was one of the leading European manufacturers and distributors of major domestic appliances (washing machines, dryers, dishwashers, fridges, freezers, cookers, hoods, ovens and hobs). It claims to be the undisputed leader in major markets such as Italy, the UK and Russia. Founded in 1975 and listed on the Milan stock exchange since 1987, the group posted sales of €2.7 billion in 2013. It has eight industrial areas in Italy, Poland, the UK, Russia and Turkey, and 16,000 employees.
Homo mermanus is a fictional race of gilled aquatic humanoids appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. This race is best known as the people who live in the Atlantis of the Marvel Universe. Namor the Sub-Mariner is the most notable character representative of the race. Bill Everett often called them sub mariners and Prince Namor, the Sub-Mariner, but Stan Lee began to call everyone Atlanteans and the undersea kingdom Atlantis.
An offshoot of the Homo sapiens species with an as yet undisclosed origin, Homo mermanus are a mammalian species, but with some fish-like characteristics. Each one possesses two twin gills located on their necks near the clavicle bone, which allow them to breathe underwater. Their skin pigmentation can be either blue (most Atlanteans) or green (most Lemurians and nomads).
Their physiology is also much stronger and more durable than that of the Homo sapiens, necessitated by their exposure to the vast pressure of the deep sea. As a consequence they are physically much stronger than regular humans and can swim up to 30 miles (48 km) per hour. The typical lifespan for a Homo mermanus is 150 years. However they cannot survive outside of water for longer than five minutes without aid.
The total population of Homo mermanus has been estimated at over 1,000,000 globally.
Kyrgyzstan competed at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, from 9 to 25 February 2018. The team, announced on January 10, 2018, consisted of two male athletes, one competing in alpine skiing and the other in cross-country skiing.
The 2009 Asian Youth Games or AYG 2009 (Malay: Sukan Belia Asia 2009, Sukan Belia Asia Dua Ribu Sembilan; Chinese: 2009亚洲青年运动会, Liǎngqiānjiǔ Yàzhōu Qīngnián Yùndònghuì; Tamil: 2009 ஆசிய இளைஞர் விளையாட்டுகள், Iraṇṭāyirattu Oṉpatu Āciya Iḷaiñar Viḷaiyāṭṭukaḷ) officially the 1st Asian Youth Games (Malay: Sukan Belia Asia Pertama; Chinese: 第一的亚洲青年运动会, Dìyīde Yàzhōu Qīngnián Yùndònghuì; Tamil: முதலில் ஆசிய இளைஞர் விளையாட்டுகள், Mutalil Āciya Iḷaiñar Viḷaiyāṭṭukaḷ) and commonly as Singapore 2009 (Malay: Singapura 2009, Singapura Dua Ribu Sembilan; Chinese: 新加坡2009, Xīnjiāpō Liǎngqiānjiǔ; Tamil: சிங்கப்பூர் 2009, Ciṅkappūr Iraṇṭāyirattu Oṉpatu), was held in Singapore from 29 June to 7 July 2009 in over 90 sporting events.The plan for the Asian Youth Games was part of Singapore's bid to stage the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics (YOG). The purpose was to allow youths to use the chance to benchmark their performances against youth teams from Asian nations. The Games also provided Singapore with an opportunity to test organisational and logistical capabilities in advance of the 2010 YOG. The organisation of the Games, spearheaded by the Singapore Sports Council, cost S$15 million, which was part of the $130 million for YOG.
Patrick Sofian Ghigani (born 16 March 1978) is a football manager and footballer who recently played professionally for Persiraja Banda Aceh in Liga Primer Indonesia. He is currently the head coach and a player of Persijap Jepara.
Lausenbach is a river located in Bavaria, Germany. It flows into the Ohře (Eger) near Selb.
Ulfe is a right tributary of the river Fulda in Hesse, Germany. It flows into the Fulda in Bebra.
Eyvirat (French pronunciation: ​[eviʁa]; Occitan: Eivirac) is a former commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune Brantôme en Périgord.
Lois Hire (1916-2006) was a television writer known for her work on My Three Sons, The Brady Bunch, Bonanza, and The Beverly Hillbillies. She also wrote the 1975 comedy Half a House.
Born Lois Elkins in Selma, Alabama. After graduating from high school, she moved herself west, landing first in Reno, Nevada, where she had a brief relationship with Judson Stevens.  They had one daughter, who was born in San Francisco in 1936.  She moved to Los Angeles during World War II and worked on an aircraft assembly line, where she met her future husband, Argyl F. (Jack) Hire. They had two children, a son and a daughter, both born in Los Angeles. They resided in first Van Nuys (San Fernando Valley), and later in the Encino hills.She enrolled in a script-writing extension course at Hollywood High School at the age of 44, and one of her instructors passed one of her assignments along to a friend who worked on The Loretta Young Show, where it was accepted and produced in 1960.Despite reservations from one TV show's sponsors (who told executives they "can't buy a script from some housewife in Van Nuys"), Hire began to get more work, eventually going on to become one of the most prolific female TV writers of the '60s and '70s. She wrote over a dozen episodes of My Three Sons, four episodes of Bonanza, two episodes of The Brady Bunch, and more.
Romela Dadayan (Armenian: Ռոմելա Դադայան) is a member of the National Assembly of Nagorno-Karabakh.
David Arroyo Durán (born 7 January 1980) is a Spanish cyclist, who currently competes in mountain biking for the Primaflor–Mondraker–XSauce team. He is also a former professional road bicycle racer, who rode professionally between 2001 and 2018 for the ONCE–Eroski, LA Alumínios–Pecol, Movistar Team, Caja Rural–Seguros RGA and Efapel teams.
Perry–Shepherd Farm, also known as the Swansie Shepherd Farm, is a historic home and farm complex located near Lansing, Ashe County, North Carolina.  The complex includes the main dwelling, a caretaker's cottage, a barn, a warehouse, a granary, and three sheds surrounded by woodland, open pasture, and blueberry and apple orchards.  The main house was built about 1890, and is a two-story, single-pile I-house with an original rear wing.  It has a double-porch and Queen Anne style decorative elements.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Lo Prado is an underground metro station on the Line 5 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The entrance to the station is located in front of the town hall of Lo Prado. The station was opened on 12 January 2010 as part of the extension of the line from Quinta Normal to Pudahuel.The station consists of three cylindrical volumes. The platforms and tracks are in a NATM-built tunnel, which is perpendicularly intersected by a second volume. At that point, a bridge connects both platforms, which is supported at each end by the shaft structures of two elevators. The upper levels are contained within a cut-and-cover volume, which has a helical internal layout. The walls at platform level are paneled with rectangular slabs in orange tones. The length of the platforms is 135 m (443 ft).
Victoria amazonica is a species of flowering plant, the largest of the water lily family Nymphaeaceae. It is the national flower of Guyana. Its native regions are Guyana and tropical South America.
Roger Clinton Jr. (born July 25, 1956) is an American actor and musician. He is known for his role as himself in the 2007 Christmas comedy film Fred Claus, and is the younger half-brother of former United States President Bill Clinton.
Mordella punctulata is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mordellidae, which is part of the superfamily Tenebrionoidea. It was discovered in 1875.
Gwalior Rural Vidhan Sabha constituency is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 2008, following the delimitation of the legislative assembly constituencies. It covers part of the erstwhile Morar constituency, which was abolished in 2008.
The Whitney Museum of American Art original building is a collection of three 1838 rowhouses located at 8–12 West 8th Street between Fifth Avenue and MacDougal Street in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. In 1907, Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney established the Whitney Studio Gallery at 8 West 8th Street adjacent to her own MacDougal Alley studio. This, and the later Whitney Studio Club at 147 West 4th Street, were intended to provide young artists with places to meet and exhibit their works.
In 1918, American artist and friend Robert Winthrop Chanler was commissioned to redesign the interior of the 8th Street property, adding an allegorical bas-relief ceiling, a 20-foot-high plaster and bronze fireplace, elaborate stained glass windows, and decorative screens.In 1929, when the Metropolitan Museum of Art rejected Whitney's offer of the gift of nearly 500 new artworks that she had collected, Whitney established the Whitney Museum of American Art. In 1931, she had architect Auguste L. Noel of the firm of Noel & Miller convert the three row houses at 8–12 West 8th Street into a gallery and residence for herself, and the museum's first home.In the 1940s,  plans to incorporate the collections of the Whitney into the Metropolitan Museum of Art as part of the 75th-anniversary celebration of the Met were unrealized. In 1954, the museum moved uptown to new quarters on 54th Street between 5th and 6th Avenues – eventually settling in 1966 at 945 Madison Avenue at East 75th Street – and the building, with the addition of #14 West 8th Street, an Italianate house built in 1853–54, became the New York Studio School of Drawing, Painting and Sculpture.
The building is located within the Greenwich Village Historic District, established in 1969 by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission, and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1992. Listed on the World Monuments Fund's 2012 Watch list, it has been the focus of an extensive restoration project on the part of the University of Pennsylvania's Architectural Conservation Laboratory, in collaboration with the fund.
The Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem (GYE) is one of the last remaining large, nearly intact ecosystems in the northern temperate zone of the Earth. It is located within the northern Rocky Mountains, in areas of northwestern Wyoming, southwestern Montana, and eastern Idaho, and is about 22 million acres (89,000 km2). Yellowstone National Park and the Yellowstone Caldera 'hotspot' are within it.Conflict over ecological and resource management has been controversial, and the area is a flagship site among conservation groups that promote ecosystem management. The Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem (GYE) is one of the world's foremost natural laboratories in landscape ecology and Holocene geology, and is a world-renowned recreational destination. It is also home to the diverse native plants and animals of Yellowstone.
Nowhere Boys is an Australian teen-oriented television drama series created by Tony Ayres. It premiered on ABC3 on 7 November 2013. The first two series follow the adventures of four mismatched teenage boys: goth Felix Ferne (Dougie Baldwin), nerd Andrew "Andy" Lau (Joel Lok), golden child Sam Conte (Rahart Adams), and alpha jock Jake Riles (Matt Testro). On 4 April 2014, it was announced that Nowhere Boys had been renewed for a second series. It began airing on 23 November 2014. A third series of Nowhere Boys, titled Two Moons Rising, began screening from November 11, 2016, with a new cast and characters, replacing the original cast members. The fourth and final series, titled Battle For Negative Space, started airing on 3 December 2018.
102 Squadron is a reserve squadron of the South African Air Force. The squadron area of responsibility is from north of Polokwane (Pietersburg) to the Limpopo River and is used for reconnaissance flights along the South African and Zimbabwe and Botswana borders.  The squadron is based at AFB Makhado in Louis Trichardt. These reserve squadrons are used to fill a pilot and aircraft gap within the SAAF by making use of civilian pilots and their privately owned aircraft.  Most flying takes place over weekends and because pilots have a good knowledge of the local terrain in the area where they live and commonly fly, the squadron is used mostly in the reconnaissance and crime prevention role.
Sky Pool is a swimming pool in Houston, Texas, United States. Constructed on top of the Market Square Tower apartment complex, it is billed as the "tallest" pool in Texas. The pool extends out 10 feet (3.0 m) past the building into the air; this portion is made of 8-inch (20 cm) thick plexiglas so swimmers can view the city below from 500 feet (150 m) above the ground. It is supported by two concrete cantilevers, one on each side. The tower and pool, finished in November 2016, were designed by Jackson and Ryan Architects.
Humphrey "Hum" Barton (1900–1980) was an English yachtsman who was influential in the development of deep-sea cruising in the 1950s and 1960s. He is best known as the founder of the Ocean Cruising Club. He was an author who wrote books about some of his voyages.
"This Is My Life" is a song by Romanian musician and producer Edward Maya, featuring vocals by Vika Jigulina. It was released in May 2010 as the second single from his The Stereo Love Show album, following his international hit "Stereo Love".
This article is a list of modern pagan temples and other religious buildings and structures, sorted alphabetically by country and city.
The Royal Aircraft Factory R.E.7 was a British two-seat light bomber and reconnaissance biplane designed by the Royal Aircraft Factory and built under contracts by the Coventry Ordnance Works, Austin, Napier and Siddeley-Deasy for the Royal Flying Corps.
Adam Leonard is an English singer-songwriter working mainly in the folk, psychedelic and electronic music fields. His style is often described as lo-fi and the subject matter of his songs somewhat unconventional. Since his debut album How Music Sounds in 2003, he has released many EPs, albums and mini-albums on various small labels. Live performances, which have so far been limited to the UK (Manchester, London and Northern Ireland) are as intriguing as they are rare. In 2008 he opened for British folk musician Steve Ashley. He regularly collaborates with other musicians, most notably Pat Gubler (P.G. Six), Ashley Cooke (Pulco), Gareth Davies, and Steven Collins of The Owl Service, a band for which Leonard provided vocals for their 2010 album The View From A Hill. At the close of 2010, a limited edition album entitled Nature Recordings was released on vinyl only by the London label The Great Pop Supplement. In 2011, Leonard provided the soundtrack to Claudia Heindel's award-winning independent film, Lucky Seven. In 2012, Nature Recordings was issued on CD by Manchester-based label The Northwestern Series.In 2013 Leonard formed Invaderband, a four-piece "Artrock/Garagerock/Krautrock" group and began gigging locally around Northern Ireland, including a slot at Other Voices in 2014. Occasional solo gigs still took place, including opening for Nick Harper.
Leonard was the winner of UK City of Culture 2013 Resonate Award for Best Song ("My Love").In 2014, he embarked on the Octopus Project releasing eight albums over an eight-month period. In 2015, Invaderband released two singles ("The Implausible Man" and "Attack of the Pod People"), the latter making the BBC 6 Music playlist in December 2015. Invaderband's debut album was released in January 2017. In September 2017, the Invaderband album was shortlisted for the Northern Ireland Music PrizeIn 2018, Leonard released a solo 7" single "Entkommen", on the Polytechnic Youth label, and also collaborated with Irish/French/New York band, Warriors Of The Dystotheque, on the I Know You'll Never Die EP released by Dublin's Reckless Records. The two main tracks were remixed by Le Galaxie and Richard March of Bentley Rhythm Ace.
In January 2021 a new Invaderband album was announced via invaderband.com. The first single from the album 'I Won't Remember You' was released on March 12
Los Angeles (US:  (listen); lawss AN-jəl-əs; Spanish: Los Ángeles, pronounced [los ˈaŋxeles], lit. 'The Angels'), often referred to by its initials L.A., is the largest city in California. With a 2020 population of 3,898,747, it is the second-largest city in the United States, following New York City. Los Angeles is known for its Mediterranean climate, ethnic and cultural diversity, Hollywood film industry and sprawling metropolitan area.
The City of Los Angeles lies in a basin in Southern California, adjacent to the Pacific Ocean, and extends through the Santa Monica Mountains and into the San Fernando Valley, covering a total of about 469 square miles (1,210 km2). It is the seat of Los Angeles County, which is the most populous county in the United States.
Home to the Chumash and Tongva indigenous peoples, the area that became Los Angeles was claimed by Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo for Spain in 1542. The city was founded on September 4, 1781, under Spanish governor Felipe de Neve, on the village of Yaanga. It became a part of Mexico in 1821 following the Mexican War of Independence. In 1848, at the end of the Mexican–American War, Los Angeles and the rest of California were purchased as part of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and thus became part of the United States. Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850, five months before California achieved statehood. The discovery of oil in the 1890s brought rapid growth to the city. The city was further expanded with the completion of the Los Angeles Aqueduct in 1913, which delivers water from Eastern California.
Los Angeles has a diverse and robust economy, and hosts businesses in a broad range of professional and cultural fields. It also has the busiest container port in the Americas. In 2018, the Los Angeles metropolitan area had a gross metropolitan product of over $1.0 trillion, making it the city with the third-largest GDP in the world, after Tokyo and New York City. Los Angeles hosted the 1932 and 1984 Summer Olympics and will host the 2028 Summer Olympics.
Minuscule 70 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 521 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 15th century. The manuscript has complex contents. Marginalia are incomplete.
WNFN (106.7 FM, "Hot 106.7") is a Top 40 (CHR) formatted radio station in the Nashville, Tennessee market, broadcasting a Top 40 format. Its transmitter site is in Whites Creek, Tennessee and its studios are in Berry Hill, Tennessee.
Previously licensed to the affluent Nashville suburb of Belle Meade, but subsequently obtaining a permit for an increased signal, with a new license based the Nashville suburb of Millersville (just across the line from Davidson County), WNFN was formerly operated under the callsign of WNPL. The station's original construction permit listed Mt. Juliet, Tennessee as the city of license, but this was changed amid concerns of interference with radio communications at Nashville International Airport. The station's community of license has since moved to Franklin.
Gio Ponti (foaled February 28, 2005 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred race horse who was the Champion Turf Horse in 2009 and 2010, and finished second to Zenyatta in the 2009 Breeder's Cup Classic. He was sired by Tale of the Cat, a son of Storm Cat, out of the stakes-placed Alydar mare Chipeta Springs, making him half-brother to stakes-winner Fisher Pond.
During his racing career, Gio Ponti was owned by Castleton Lyons and trained by Christophe Clement.
Finding Favour is a contemporary Christian music band from Vidalia, Georgia. They are on the Gotee Records label, and released their first studio EP entitled Finding Favour EP on March 12, 2013. The EP has achieved positive critical reception. In addition, the EPs two lead singles have seen commercial and radio airplay successes.
NGC 6356 is a globular cluster located in the constellation Ophiuchus. It is designated as a II in the Shapley–Sawyer Concentration Class and was discovered by the German-born British astronomer William Herschel on 18 June 1784. The star cluster is more dense and bright towards the middle. NGC 6356 is located 80' north east of the brighter NGC 6333. It is at a distance of 49,600 light years away from earth.The cluster is relatively metal-rich and therefore has a large amount of interstellar dust in its core.
Balimela Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary in Malkangiri district, Odisha, India.
It covers an area of 160 km². The terrain is hilly, and covered with mixed deciduous forests. It is in the Eastern Highlands moist deciduous forests ecoregion.
Mała Cerkwica [ˈmawa t͡sɛrkˈfit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kamień Krajeński, 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
Mesoscia anguilinea is a moth of the family Megalopygidae. It was described by William Schaus in 1912.
Brandon Michael Bielak (born April 2, 1996) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball (MLB). He played college baseball at the University of Notre Dame. He was selected by the Astros in the 11th round of the 2017 MLB draft, and made his MLB debut in 2020.
Thomas Hales (c. 1740 – 27 December 1780) was a British-born French dramatist and librettist.  He was from an Irish expatriate family in Gloucestershire and joined the Royal Navy during the Seven Years' War.  He settled in Jamaica for a short time and then in Havana, Cuba, before moving to Europe to travel.  He lived in Switzerland and Italy both before arriving in Paris, France, in 1770, where he was bankrupted (reportedly by pursuit of women and drunkenness).
He learned French quickly and became thoroughly fluent.  He met the composer Grétry in 1775 and began to work with him as a librettist.  Their first collaboration was Les fausses apparences, ou, L'amant jaloux.  The opera was a hit, and Hales would write four more plays/librettos in the coming years.  In 1777 he wrote a short fiction entitled Le roman de mon oncle.  In 1778, he worked with Gréty on Le jugement de Midas, which was based on Midas by the Irish playwright Kane O'Hara (1762).  The same year, the two produced Les fausses apparences as a comic opera.  The play was partially based on Susanna Centlivre's The Wonder: a Woman Keeps a Secret of 1714.  The third opera was Les evénements imprévus in 1779, which was inspired by an unknown Italian original.  It would inspire George Colman the Younger's Gay Deceivers of 1804.  Finally, in prose, Hales wrote Gilles ravisseur (published in 1781).
Hales died of a chest infection in Paris.  His mistress, Madame Bianchi, an Italian actress, had left him to return to Italy, and he apparently suffered complications from a military injury.
Henry Stram (born September 10, 1954) is an American actor and singer. He is the son of famous NFL coach Hank Stram.
Albert Eugene Gallatin wrote about, collected, exhibited, and created works of art. Called "one of the great figures in early 20th-century American culture," he was a leading proponent of nonobjective and later abstract and particularly Cubist 
art whose "visionary approach" in both collecting and painting left "an enduring impact on the world of modern art."
Uģis is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:
Sterling Lewis Morelock (June 5, 1890 – September 1, 1964) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in France during World War I.
Guy Dupuis (born 4 September 1957) is a Canadian-born French former ice hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Winter Olympics for France.
David Richard Sheepshanks  is the founding and current Chairman of the St George's Park National Football Centre and former Chairman of Ipswich Town FC.  He is also former chairman of UK Community Foundations (UKCF), the umbrella organisation for all community foundations in the UK, providing philanthropic advice to clients and delivering UK-wide grant-making programmes. Other business interests include non Executive roles with Coutts Bank, 21st Club and Onside Law. Past business interests included Starfish Ltd 1980-1990 and Suffolk Foods Ltd which he founded in 1990 with his brother Rick and where he was Chairman and a majority shareholder before selling in 2004.  He also served externally on various local radio station Boards including Chairman of VIBE FM in 1990 and Director of Radio Orwell and BBC Radio Suffolk Advisory  Board.
Joost Maurits van Aken (born 13 May 1994) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a central defender. He started his senior career at SC Heerenveen, and has also played for Sheffield Wednesday and VfL Osnabrück. Internationally, he has played for the Netherlands U21s team.
The Harleston Parker Medal was established in 1921 by J. Harleston Parker to recognize “such architects as shall have, in the opinion of the Boston Society of Architects for any private citizen, association, corporation, or public authority, the most beautiful piece of architecture, building, monument or structure within the limits of the City of Boston or of the Metropolitan Parks District”.
Projects in the Greater Boston area built in the past 10 years by any architect anywhere in the world are eligible. This area includes Arlington, Belmont, Boston, Braintree, Brookline, Cambridge, Canton, Chelsea, Dedham, Dover, Everett, Hingham, Hull, Lynn, Malden, Medford, Melrose, Milton, Nahant, Needham, Newton, Quincy, Revere, Saugus, Somerville, Stoneham, Swampscott, Wakefield, Waltham, Watertown,
French Island (Boonwurrung: Bellarmarin, Woone, or Jouap) is the largest coastal island of Victoria, Australia, located in Western Port, 61 km (38 mi) southeast of Melbourne. In 1997, about 70% of the island was declared the French Island National Park, administered by Parks Victoria, and was listed in the former Register of the National Estate in 1984. The island is an unincorporated area under the direct administration of the government of Victoria, and is a declared locality of Victoria having its own postcode. Community issues are dealt by the French Island Community Association. The island is otherwise administered by the Department of Infrastructure. The population of the island in 2011 was around 116 people, of which about 60 were permanent residents.
French Island is relatively isolated and underdeveloped. There are no water mains, electricity mains, or medical services on the island. There is one small general store and post office located on Tankerton Road about 3 km (1.9 mi) from Tankerton Jetty. Many of the locals actively promote environmental tourism. Visitor accommodation includes camping, bed and breakfast, guesthouse and farmstay.
The Rule Interchange Format (RIF) is a W3C Recommendation.  RIF is part of the infrastructure for the semantic web, along with (principally) SPARQL, RDF and OWL.  Although originally envisioned by many as a "rules layer" for the semantic web, in reality the design of RIF is based on the observation that there are many "rules languages" in existence, and what is needed is to exchange rules between them.RIF includes three dialects, a Core dialect which is extended into a Basic Logic Dialect (BLD) and Production Rule Dialect (PRD).
Central University of Andhra Pradesh (CUAP) is a central university located in Anantapur district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Melaleuca leuropoma is a plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a small to medium-sized shrub which flowers over an extended period with flower colour varying from purple to yellow or white. The glossy, often brown petals covering the flower buds are also an unusual characteristic of this species.
Cantabrian Nationalist Council (Cantabrian: Conceju Nacionaliegu Cántabru, CNC) is a political party with a nationalist and left-wing ideology. It was formed in Cantabria in 1995.
Ceratozamia whitelockiana is a species of plant in the family Zamiaceae. It is endemic to Mexico, where it is known only from Metates and Chiapan in Oaxaca state. Only two subpopulations have been found, with a total population of about 2200 individuals. The habitat is threatened by conversion to plantations using slash-and-burn techniques.This cycad has a cylindrical trunk about 20 to 30 centimeters long. The leaves are up to 2.5 meters in length and have 30 to 40 pairs of leaflets. The plant was named for cycad expert Loran Whitelock.
Matt MacLennan is a television writer/producer in both comedy/drama. Matt has also written for film and video games like Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Blacklist by Ubisoft.
1st Medical Battalion is a unit of the United States Marine Corps operated by the United States Navy that provides expeditionary Health Service Support to Marine Corps forces forward deployed to operations or humanitarian missions.  The unit is based out of Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton and falls under the command of 1st Marine Logistics Group.
Romain Sans (born 19 March 1999) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender for Châteauroux.
This is a list of albums that have peaked at number-one on the Oricon Albums Chart, the preeminent singles chart in Japan. Each chart is on a week-ending format. The chart was created on October 5, 1987, and eventually replaced the original LP chart. It monitors the number of physical album purchases of the most popular albums.
Curly Top is a 1935 American musical drama film directed by Irving Cummings. The screenplay by Patterson McNutt and Arthur J. Beckhard focuses on the adoption of a young orphan (Shirley Temple) by a wealthy bachelor (John Boles) and his romantic attraction to her older sister (Rochelle Hudson).
Together with The Littlest Rebel, another Temple vehicle, the film was listed as one of the top box office draws of 1935 by Variety.  The film's musical numbers include "Animal Crackers in My Soup" and "When I Grow Up".
This film was the first of four films that Shirley Temple and Arthur Treacher appeared in together; others were Stowaway (1936), Heidi (1937), and The Little Princess (1939).
The Musikpreis der Landeshauptstadt München (Music Prize of the City of Munich) is an award, awarded since 1992, initially every two years but since 2000, every three years, alternating with the Theaterpreis and the Tanzpreis. The music prize rewards the outstanding work of artists or ensembles which have contributed to Munich to the reputation of Munich as a music city. The award is worth €10,000.
Shoney Lamar (birth name Justin Shirah) is a Boston–based singer songwriter, poet, and visual artist.  Originally from Florida, he regularly appears in Boston and New York City, and elsewhere in the New England area.  Shoney Lamar has released a number of albums and E.P.s, most recently 2009's "Revenge of the Narrator" and 2010's "Eat Fish and Die" and 2012's "Adult Entertainment" (all released with the recently disbanded backing group The Equal Rights). His songs have been described as "imbued with a glorious, snarling anger, holding hands with true affection."Shoney Lamar was nominated for best male vocalist in Boston in the 2009 Boston Phoenix Readers Poll.On June 21, 2013, Lamar released his first poetry book, "the cake no one wanted," which he considers not very different from his songwriting, quipping that the only difference is "poetry doesn’t have to rhyme, which is nice."Lamar is currently releasing material with his new group, The Lady Comes First, a duo w/ Boston-based singer songwriter Adrian Emberley, in addition to various other projects.
Sega Water Ski is a "foot controller-based" simulation arcade game developed and released by Sega in 1997. The game was built on the Sega Model 2 hardware.
Stefan Marian Strzemieński was a general of the Polish Army, who participated in the Polish September Campaign. Born in 1885, he gained the command of a cavalry brigade in the early 1920s, and then of the garrison of Warsaw. Strzemieński retired in 1932, but was recalled to the army in 1939, becoming commandant of the Operational Group Dubno. Strzemieński was taken prisoner by the Germans and passed the remainder of the war in a POW camp. He was released in 1945, he died in 1955. The location of neither his birth nor his death is known.
The 1996–97 Heineken Cup was the second edition of the Heineken Cup, an international competition for the top European rugby union clubs. Competing teams from France, Ireland, Italy, Wales and, for the first time, England and Scotland, were divided into four pools of five, with each team playing the other teams once, meaning two home and two away games per team. The pool winners and runners-up qualified for the knock-out stages. The competition was won by a French team for the second time, when Brive beat their English opponents Leicester Tigers 28–9 at the Cardiff Arms Park. The defending champions Toulouse were knocked out in the semi-final by Leicester Tigers and Brive beat Cardiff in the other semi-final.
Rim Camp was an unincorporated community located in Bell County, Kentucky, United States.
Homer M. Kandaras (August 23, 1929 – September 25, 2017) was an American politician in the state of South Dakota. He was a member of the South Dakota State Senate from 1971 to 1976. Throughout his state senate term, he represented the 27th and 28th districts. He is an alumnus of University of South Dakota where he earned his law degree.
"The King’s Way" is a poem set to music by the English composer Edward Elgar in 1909. The words were written by his wife, Caroline Alice Elgar.
The Muppets is a 2011 American musical fantasy comedy film directed by James Bobin, written by Jason Segel and Nicholas Stoller, and the seventh theatrical film featuring the Muppets. The film stars Segel, Amy Adams, Chris Cooper, and Rashida Jones, as well as Muppets performers Steve Whitmire, Eric Jacobson, Dave Goelz, Bill Barretta, David Rudman, Matt Vogel, and Peter Linz. Bret McKenzie served as music supervisor, writing four of the film's five original songs, while Christophe Beck composed the film's score. In the film, devoted Muppet fan Walter, his human brother Gary and Gary's girlfriend Mary help Kermit the Frog reunite the disbanded Muppets, as they must raise $10 million to save the Muppet Theater from Tex Richman, a businessman who plans to demolish the studio to drill for oil.
Walt Disney Pictures first announced the film in March 2008, with Segel and Stoller as the screenwriters and Mandeville Films as co-producer. Bobin was hired to direct in January 2010, and the film's supporting cast was filled out in October of the same year with the casting of Adams, Cooper and Jones. Filming began in September 2010 and was completed entirely in Los Angeles. The film was the first theatrical Muppets production to not feature Frank Oz and Jerry Nelson as their respective roles, though Nelson would make a voice cameo, thus making it his final Muppet film before his death the following year. Instead, their characters are performed by Jacobson and Vogel, respectively, marking their theatrical feature film debut as those characters. 
The Muppets premiered at the Savannah Film Festival and was released theatrically in North America on November 23, 2011, by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The film was a critical and commercial success, grossing $165 million worldwide on a budget of $45 million and garnering praise for its humor, screenplay and music. The film won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for McKenzie's song "Man or Muppet", as well as garnering BAFTA and Critic's Choice Awards nominations. A sequel, titled Muppets Most Wanted, was released on March 21, 2014.
Víglundar saga (listen ) is one of the sagas of Icelanders. Víglundar saga utilizes the style and romance that also characterize the chivalric sagas. It is one of the latest of the Icelandic family sagas, dating to the end of the 14th or beginning of the 15th century.  The saga is preserved in two leather manuscripts from the 15th century.The saga tells the story of the love between Víglundr and Ketilríðr who were attached to each other since childhood.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Umzimkulu (Latin: Umzimkulen(sis)) is a diocese centered  at the city of Harding in the Ecclesiastical province of Durban in South Africa.  It comprises 15 parishes, each with 5-14 outstations - chapels served by missionaries.
Ricardo Martínez Matey (born 23 April 1964) is a Spanish racing cyclist. He rode in the 1988 Tour de France.
The 2021 Caribbean Club Championship (officially the 2021 Flow CONCACAF Caribbean Club Championship for sponsorship reasons) was the 23rd edition of the Caribbean Club Championship (also known as the CFU Club Championship), the first-tier annual international club football competition in the Caribbean region, held amongst clubs whose football associations are affiliated with the Caribbean Football Union (CFU), a sub-confederation of CONCACAF.
The tournament was played in the Dominican Republic between 15 and 25 May 2021. As a result of the cancellation of the 2021 CONCACAF Caribbean Club Shield due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2021 CONCACAF Caribbean Club Championship was expanded to include a number of teams originally set to participate in the 2021 CONCACAF Caribbean Club Shield.The winners of the 2021 CONCACAF Caribbean Club Championship qualified to the 2022 CONCACAF Champions League, and the second, third and fourth place teams qualified to the 2021 CONCACAF League, as long as they comply with the minimum CONCACAF Club Licensing requirements for the CONCACAF Champions League or CONCACAF League.Portmore United, having won the title in 2019, are the title holders. The 2020 edition was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the title was not awarded.
A tariqa (or tariqah; Arabic: طريقة ṭarīqah) is a school or order of Sufism, or specifically a concept for the mystical teaching and spiritual practices of such an order with the aim of seeking haqiqa, which translates as "ultimate truth".A tariqa has a murshid (guide) who plays the role of leader or spiritual director. The members or followers of a tariqa are known as muridin (singular murid), meaning "desirous", viz. "desiring the knowledge of God and loving God" (also called a faqir).
Tariqa is also believed to be the same as Tzadik of Judaism meaning the "rightly guided one".
The metaphor of "way, path" is to be understood in connection of the term sharia which also has the meaning of "path", more specifically "well-trodden path; path to the waterhole". The "path" metaphor of tariqa is that of a further path, taken by the mystic, which continues from the "well-trodden path" or exoteric of sharia towards the esoteric haqiqa. A fourth "station" following the succession of shariah, tariqa and haqiqa is called marifa. This is the "unseen center" of haqiqa, and the ultimate aim of the mystic, corresponding to the unio mystica in Western mysticism. Tasawwuf, an Arabic word that refers to mysticism and Islamic esotericism, is known in the West as Sufism.
Metrius contractus is a species of bombardier beetle. It was described by Johann Friedrich von Eschscholtz in 1829.
Stingray City is a series of shallow sandbars found in the North Sound of Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. It is a tourist attraction, where southern stingrays are found in abundance and visitors can pet and interact with the animals.There are two sandbars, one which is in the shallows and the other one which is deeper and where it is possible to dive with stingrays.
Nishi-ku (西区) is one of the 18 wards of the city of Yokohama in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan. As of 2010, the ward had an estimated population of 93,027 and a density of 13,210 persons per km². The total area was 7.04 km².
Santiam High School is a public high school in Mill City, Oregon, United States. It was turned into a Junior/Senior High School when the Gates Elementary School was shut down due to budget cuts.
Antonia Bertucci-Pinelli  (died c. 1640) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.  She was born in Bologna, and was instructed in art by Lodovico Carracci. She painted some pictures for the churches; among others, the Guardian Angel for San Tommaso; and St Philip & St. James for the church dedicated to those saints. But her most celebrated work was a St. John the Evangelist for the Annunziata, painted from a design of Lodovico Carracci.  Her maiden name was Pinelli, but she married Giovanni Battista Bertusio.
Wizard of the Hood is the debut EP by Violent J. Released in 2003, it is the Insane Clown Posse member's first solo release. The EP is a concept album based on The Wizard of Oz, which is retold in an urban setting. Several tracks from the EP also sample music from the 1978 film The Wiz, another urban reimagining of The Wizard of Oz. A song with the same title had previously been released on the album Carnival of Carnage.
Nanhe Jaisalmer - A Dream Come True (also known as Nanhe) is a 2007 psychological drama film directed by Samir Karnik and featuring Bobby Deol as himself and child actor Dwij Yadav in the title role. The film has a new actor, who has appeared in a couple of films,
Vatsal Seth in a cameo role in the film, as Nanhe Jaiselmer, in the adult future. The film is based in Rajasthan.
The Liberian First Division, formerly known as Liberian Premier League, is the highest division of football in Liberia. The first division league began in 1956 and have only once been won by a club outside Monrovia. It has been dominated by  Mighty Barrolle FC and Invincible Eleven FC. The league is organized by the Liberia Football Association. In 2010, the league became known as the Orange Premier League for sponsorship reasons and it is now called LFA-Orange First Division League.
The Men's omnium competition at the 2019 UCI Track Cycling World Championships was held on 2 March 2019.
She was appointed ballet director at the Opera from 1970-77, and a second period from 1983 to 1988. She served as rector at the Norwegian National Academy of Ballet from 1991 to 1995. In 1988 she was decorated Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav.Borg received the Oslo City art award in 1978 and the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award in 2013.
The 1986–87 OHL season was the seventh season of the Ontario Hockey League. Fifteen teams each played 66 games. The Oshawa Generals won the J. Ross Robertson Cup, defeating the North Bay Centennials.
In pharmacokinetics, the rate of infusion (or dosing rate) refers not just to the rate at which a drug is administered, but the desired rate at which a drug should be administered to achieve a steady state of a fixed dose which has been demonstrated to be therapeutically effective.
It can be calculated as the steady-state concentration in the plasma multiplied by the clearance:
          
            K
            
              i
              n
            
          
          =
          
            C
            
              s
              s
            
          
          ⋅
          C
          L
The 2010 Men's Asian Games Volleyball Tournament was the 14th edition of the event, organized by the Asian governing body, the AVC. It was held in Guangzhou, China from November 13 to November 26, 2010.
Moussa Ould Ghassoum (Arabic: موسى ولد قاسوم) is a former Mauritanian footballer who last managed Djibouti.
Bolundra is a village, princely state and Taluka in Modasa, India. The village (Ta - Modasa) is in Aravalli district in Gujarat state, western India, on the bank of the River Meshvo.Pin code: 383250
Luatangi Samurai Vatuvei (formerly Ruatangi Vatuvei) (born December 8, 1977) is a Tongan-born Japanese rugby union footballer.
Vatuvei played rugby in Japan for Toshiba Brave Lupus in the Top League and has also played for the Japan national rugby union team under the IRB three-year residence qualification.
Vatuvei is extremely strong, usually in the second row but also used by Toshiba coach Masahiro Kunda in the centres. In 2006, Vatuvei obtained Japanese citizenship.
In 2007, Vatuvei moved from Toshiba to Kintetsu Liners, which was demoted from the Top League in the previous season. This did not prevent John Kirwan from including him in the Japan squad for RWC 2007.Vatuvei was the top try scorer in the 2004-5 Top League season with 18 tries. He is a cousin of New Zealand rugby league international winger Manu Vatuvei and an elder brother of Tonga rugby union international flanker Sione Vatuvei.
The Root School is a historic school building at 987 Union Village Road in Norwich, Vermont.  Built in 1937, it is a rare late example of a one-room schoolhouse, made further distinctive by the survival of its original schoolroom interior.  The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
The National Observer was a weekly American general-interest national newspaper published by Dow Jones & Company from 1962 until July 11, 1977.  Hunter S. Thompson wrote several articles for the National Observer as the correspondent for Latin America early in his career.
The newspaper was the inspiration of Barney Kilgore, then the president of Dow Jones. (Kilgore is credited as the "genius" who transformed the Wall Street Journal from a provincial financial daily with a circulation of 32,000, mostly on Wall Street, into the national giant it became.)
It was Kilgore's idea that the nation needed a weekly national newspaper that would synthesize all the week's events and current trends into an attractive, convenient package. In effect, the National Observer would offer the kind of quality non-financial journalism that the Wall Street Journal once featured in its front-page "leaders" (the articles that occupy the left- and right-hand columns).
This is part of the list of United Kingdom locations: a gazetteer of place names in the United Kingdom showing each place's locality and geographical coordinates.
Weppersdorf (Croatian: Veprštof, Hungarian: Veperd) is a town in the district of Oberpullendorf in the Austrian state of Burgenland.
The Super Bowl of Poker (also known as Amarillo Slim's Super Bowl of Poker or SBOP) was the second most prestigious poker tournament in the world during the 1980s.  While the World Series of Poker was already drawing larger crowds as more and more amateurs sought it out, the SBOP "was an affair limited almost exclusively to pros and hard-core amateurs."The 1991 Tournament was the last SBOP.  After Caesar's Casino in Las Vegas closed its poker room, Amarillo Slim had to find a new location for the event and the best deal that he could find forced participants to drive two hours.  This resulted in the smallest SBOP fields ever; the Main Event only had 12 participants.  Because of the small size of the field, fewer people were paid than in previous tournaments and the prestige of winning the events suffered a setback that doomed the SBOP and made 1991 the last year for the tournament.The winners of the tournament, however, continued to represent some of the biggest names in poker.  Barbara Enright, the only woman in the Poker Hall of Fame, won the ladies event.  Jack Keller, another Hall of Famer, won two events, the  $1,000 Pot Limit Omaha and the $10,000 Main Event.  Having won the event in 1984, this was his second time to have won the $10,000 Main Event.
Prior to SBOP, the only high dollar tournament a person could enter was the WSOP.  "The World Series of Poker was so successful that everybody wanted more than one tournament," Amarillo Slim said.  Slim called upon his connections and friendships with poker's elite to start a new tournament in the February 1979.  Before the SBOP had developed a reputation of its own, many of the most respected names in poker attended the tournament "more to support Slim and take advantage of the very fat cash games the event would obviously inspire."  Slim modelled his SBOP after the WSOP with several events and a $10,000 Texas Hold'em Main Event.
One of the principal differences between the WSOP and the SBOP was the prize structure.  The WSOP's prize structure was flat, ensuring more people received smaller pieces of the prize pool.  The SBOP typically used a 60-30-10 payout structure.  In other words, only the first three places received money and generally in the ratio of 60% to first place, 30% to second place, and 10% to third.  This payment schedule dominated in the SBOP for the first 5 years of the event, but as the event grew the number of payouts increased while keeping the payout schedule top heavy.
The first USS Solace (AH-2) was a hospital ship in the United States Navy.
Solace was built in 1896 and 1897 by the Newport News Shipbuilding & Drydock Co.,  Newport News, Virginia, and was operated as the SS Creole by the Cromwell Steamship Lines. The ship was acquired by the United States Navy on 7 April 1898, renamed Solace, and converted into a hospital ship. She was the first Navy ship to fly the Geneva Red Cross flag. Solace was commissioned on 14 April 1898, Comdr. Andrew Dunlap in command.
Grass Widow is an American indie rock band from San Francisco, California. Their music has been described as discordant and lo-fi, and connected to the post-punk roots of the members of the band.The band was formed in 2007 with members from the band Shitstorm. All three members share vocal duties. Hannah Lew plays bass, Raven Mahon plays guitar and Lillian Maring plays the drums. The band mentions in interviews their intentionally collaborative creative process, and their focus on sustainability in their music careers, opting to tour for only two weeks at a time to stay connected with friends and family. Songs are created together in their San Francisco practice space and all contribute equally to the work of the band.Members of the band are often asked about the fact that the band is all-women and about their feminism, and have responded with a quote from Gina Birch: "And you ask me if I’m a Feminist? Why the hell would I not be?!" They cite influences like Neo Boys and Kleenex, they also note Roy Wood's The Move and The Kinks as a major source of inspiration.The band dissolved circa 2013, members pursuing their respective projects.
Grand River Township is a township in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2000 United States Census, it had a population of 607.
The Tel Aviv–Jerusalem bus 405 attack was a suicide attack on 6 July 1989 carried out by Abd al-Hadi Ghanim of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad. On a crowded Egged commuter bus line No. 405 en route from Tel-Aviv to Jerusalem, Ghanim seized the steering wheel of the bus, running it off a steep cliff into a ravine in the area of Qiryat Ye'arim. Sixteen civilians—including two Canadians and one American—died in the attack, and 27 were wounded.The incident is described as the first Palestinian suicide attack despite the fact that the attacker survived.
Giuliano Vangi (born March 13, 1931) is an Italian sculptor. He received the Praemium Imperiale in the sculpture category. In 2002, he was considered for the Nobel Prize of Arts.
Vangi was born in Barberino di Mugello and studied in the Istituto d'Arte and Accademia di Belle Arti at Florence. In 1959 he moved to Brazil, where he produced abstract works using materials such as crystal, iron and steel. In 1962, he returned to Italy, first in Varese and then in Pesaro. Later, he became a member of the Accademia delle Arti del Disegno in Florence, the Accademia di San Luca in Rome, and exhibited his work in numerous places in Italy.
His works include the statue of St. John the Baptist in Florence, "La Lupa" in Siena, a crucifix and new presbytery for the Padua Cathedral, a new altar for the Pisa Cathedral and the entrance sculpture for the Vatican Museum.
Lubyanka Criminal Group (Russian: Лубянская преступная группировка; also translated as The Gang from Lubyanka) is a book by Alexander Litvinenko about the alleged transformation of the Russian Security Services into a criminal and terrorist organization.Lubyanka is known as KGB headquarters. In the book, the authors claim that Russian president Vladimir Putin and other FSB officers have been involved in organized crime, including covering up drug traffic from Afghanistan.The book was withdrawn from sales in Russia by request from the FSB according to The Moscow Human Rights News Agency Prima News. In response, the authors allowed the book's publication and distribution by anyone in Russia free of charge.  Alexander Goldfarb, the executive director of International Foundation for Civil Liberties which licensed the book's copyright in Russia, stated, "By banning the books for the first time since the Soviet times, FSB threw down a challenge to the society".Former Interior Minister of Russia Anatoly Kulikov promised to bring a libel suit against the book but did not follow it through.
The 2014 Women's U22 South American Volleyball Championship was the 1st edition of the tournament, organised by South America's governing volleyball body, the Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol (CSV). The championship took place 20–24 August in Popayán, Colombia. The event served as a rating for the 2015 FIVB Women's U23 Volleyball World Championship.
Yahagi (矢矧) was an  Agano-class cruiser which served with the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during World War II.
KBLA (1580 AM) is a broadcast radio station in the United States. Licensed to Santa Monica, California, KBLA serves the Greater Los Angeles area. The station is owned by Multicultural Broadcasting, through licensee Multicultural Radio Broadcasting Licensee, LLC, and operated by pending owner Tavis Smiley with a progressive talk format.
For much of its early history, the station had music formats and was aimed towards a black audience. The station was founded in 1947 as KOWL and played middle of the road music; Gene Autry was an early investor in the station. From 1956 to 1991, the station had call sign KDAY and had top 40, rock, and R&B formats through the early 1980s. In 1983, KDAY became the first station in Los Angeles to play hip hop music; as a result, KDAY became the most popular station among black listeners in the area.
KDAY went through multiple ownership and format changes in the 1990s, beginning with a purchase by Fred Sands in 1990. A year later, KDAY changed its call sign to KBLA and its format to business news. The business format lasted just one year, as KBLA changed to a Korean format afterwards. Keymarket Communications purchased KBLA in 1993; subsequent mergers of its parent company landed KBLA under the ownership of River City Broadcasting in 1995 and Sinclair Broadcast Group in 1996. KBLA was sold in 1998 to Radio Unica, which added KBLA to its national Spanish radio network. Multicultural Broadcasting bought KBLA in 2003 and converted KBLA to a Spanish Christian format. Tavis Smiley bought KBLA in 2020 and launched a progressive talk format on the station.
Morris & Stone, Ltd., which later changed its name to the more well-known Budgie Toys, was a British die-cast toy distributor turned manufacturer, based in London. The company first specialised in horse-drawn carriages and coaches. It later made a wide variety of miniature cars and trucks. 
The company marketed its products under the brand name Morestone. Some models were manufactured by a separate company called "Modern Products". Vehicles were about Matchbox car size, though still slightly smaller and simpler.
Murder by Experts is a 1936 mystery thriller novel  by the British writer Anthony Gilbert, the pen name of Lucy Beatrice Malleson. It launched her long-running series featuring the shady London lawyer and detective Arthur Crook. Although she had been writing since 1926 this was her first major popular success. The plot revolves around collectors of Chinese antiques.
Kordasht Castle (Persian: قلعه کردشت) is a historical castle located in Jolfa County in East Azerbaijan Province, The longevity of this fortress dates back to the Qajar dynasty.
Diastanillus is a monotypic genus of European dwarf spiders containing the single species, Diastanillus pecuarius. It was first described by Eugène Louis Simon in 1926, and has only been found in Austria, France, and Norway.
Gloria Bromell Tinubu (born February 22, 1953) is an applied economist, educator, and political figure. She served on the Atlanta City Council and as a member of the Georgia State Assembly, as well as running as a candidate for Mayor of Atlanta.
Peasiella infracostata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.
Delta South is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada.
The International Fund for Ireland is an independent international organisation established in 1986 by the British and Irish governments with the objectives of promoting "economic and social advance and to encourage contact, dialogue and reconciliation between nationalists and unionists throughout Ireland."The Fund operates with co-operation and financial contributions from the governments of United States of America, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, as well as the structures of the European Union. The majority of its funding comes from the United States. As of 2007, £576m / €849m, funding over 5,700 projects across the island of Ireland, has been disbursed.
Fly Channel is a generalist television channel broadcast by Italian  broadcaster Europa 7 HD on digital terrestrial television in Italy.
It was launched at 3:00 PM on October 11, 2010. Its first programming included news reports by journalist Udo Gumpel, a weekly analysis of the main news topic of the week, some interviews.
In the months after the launch, the programming was expanded to host prominent journalists and comedians.
The 1969 Northern Ireland general election was held on Monday 24 February 1969. It was the last election to the Parliament of Northern Ireland before its abolition by the Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973.
Unlike previous elections that produced a large unambiguous majority for the Ulster Unionist Party, this one gave more complex results. The Ulster Unionists were divided over a variety of reforms introduced by Prime Minister Terence O'Neill and this division spilled over into the election with official Ulster Unionist candidates standing either in support of or opposition to O'Neill and a number of independent pro O'Neill Unionists standing against opposing candidates. The results left O'Neill without a clear majority for his reforms and he resigned not long afterwards.
This was the first (and only) election since the 1929 general election to see changes to the constituencies. The Queen's University of Belfast seat was abolished and four new constituencies were created in the suburbs of Belfast to compensate for population growth there.
Boris Mikhailovich Lobach-Zhuchenko (6 July 1875  - May 28, 1938, Tarusa) was a Russian scientist, marine engineer and naval writer.
After school he studied at the Saint Petersburg State Institute of Technology.
He participated in the Russian-Japanese war, including the Battle of Port Arthur. He served as a mechanical engineer of the fleet until 1917.He taught at the Bauman Moscow State Technical University.He was the author of many textbooks and scientific articles on maritime matters.
Vladan Savić (Cyrillic: Владан Савић; born 26 July 1979) is a Montenegrin retired footballer.
Rutgerus (Rudie) Liebrechts (born 6 September 1941) is a former Dutch speed skater and racing cyclist.
Liebrechts was born in Vlaardingen and was among the best Dutch speed skaters from 1961 to 1967.  He twice became Dutch Allround champion, in 1963 and 1964, while he finished second in 1965 (behind Ard Schenk), and third in 1966 (behind Kees Verkerk and Ard Schenk).
He had his biggest international successes at the World Allround Speed Skating Championships, where he twice won a bronze medal overall. In 1961 in Gothenburg he finished behind his compatriot Henk van der Grift and the Russian Viktor Kosichkin, while in 1964 in Helsinki he followed the Norwegian Knut Johannesen and Viktor Kosichkin, again. At the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck he missed out on medals, finishing 10th in the 1500m, 8th in the 5000m, and a close 4th on the 10,000m.
In 1965 at the Bislett stadion in Oslo he broke the world record on the 3000m.
Rudie Liebrechts also was a reasonably successful cyclist at the national level; in 1965 he won the tour of Gouda.
In US education terminology, rubric is "a scoring guide used to evaluate the quality of students' constructed responses". Put simply, it is a set of criteria for grading assignments. Rubrics usually contain evaluative criteria, quality definitions for those criteria at particular levels of achievement, and a scoring strategy. They are often presented in table format and can be used by teachers when marking, and by students when planning their work.A scoring rubric is an attempt to communicate expectations of quality around a task. In many cases, scoring rubrics are used to delineate consistent criteria for grading. Because the criteria are public, a scoring rubric allows teachers and students alike to evaluate criteria, which can be complex and subjective. A scoring rubric can also provide a basis for self-evaluation, reflection, and peer review. It is aimed at accurate and fair assessment, fostering understanding, and indicating a way to proceed with subsequent learning/teaching. This integration of performance and feedback is called ongoing assessment or formative assessment.
Several common features of scoring rubrics can be distinguished, according to Bernie Dodge and Nancy Pickett:
They focus on measuring a stated objective (performance, behavior, or quality).
They contain specific performance characteristics arranged in levels indicating either the developmental sophistication of the strategy used or the degree to which a standard has been met.
Korapuzha, also known as Elathur River, is a short river of 40 km (25 mi), with a drainage area of 624 km2 (241 sq mi), flowing through the Kozhikode district of Kerala state in India. It is formed by the confluence of two streams, Akalapuzha and Punoor puzha which originate in the mountains of Wayanad district. The Korapuzha empties into the Arabian Sea at Elathur. The river and its main tributaries become tidal as they near the Arabian Sea. There is heavy boat traffic over the last 25 km (16 mi) of its course. It forms part of the West Coast Inland Navigation System.
The year 2012 marked the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II being the 60th anniversary of the accession of Queen Elizabeth II on 6 February 1952. The only diamond jubilee celebration for any of Elizabeth's predecessors was in 1897, for the 60th anniversary of the accession of Queen Victoria.
Following the tradition of the Queen's Silver and Golden Jubilees, commemorative events were held throughout the Commonwealth of Nations.
The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh toured the United Kingdom and other members of the royal family toured the rest of the Commonwealth as the monarch's representatives. The Jubilee celebrations marked the beginning of the withdrawal of the Duke of Edinburgh from public life and a more prominent role for the Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry in Commonwealth affairs.
Numerous events and tributes were held over the year and throughout the Commonwealth, culminating in a jubilee pageant held in London. The Queen Elizabeth Diamond Jubilee Trust was set up as a charitable foundation with a mission to leave a lasting legacy across the Commonwealth. Other projects included the Queen Elizabeth Diamond Jubilee Wood and the issuing of commemorative medals.
Mohamed Yusuf Abdirahman (Somali: Maxamed Yuusuf Cabdiraxmaan) also known as Murad is a Somali politician, and the longest serving Mayor of Burao, the capital and the largest city of Togdheer region of Somaliland, serving from 2012 to 2021. He belongs to the Reer Biniin, Ahmed Farah sub-division of the Habr Je'lo Isaaq. He was succeeded by Abdirisaq Ibrahim Abdi on 20 June 2021 after the 2021 Somaliland municipal elections.
Richmond Hill (2016 population: 195,022) is a city in south-central York Region, Ontario, Canada. Part of the Greater Toronto Area, it is the York Region's third most populous municipality and the 28th most populous municipality in Canada. Richmond Hill is situated between the cities of Markham and Vaughan, north of Thornhill, and south of Aurora. 
Richmond Hill has seen significant population growth since the 1990s. It became a city in 2019 after being a town since 1957. The city is home to the David Dunlap Observatory telescope, the largest telescope in Canada.
Samuel Edward Bowen (17 November 1903 – 4 March 1981) was an English footballer in the early years of professional football, who played about 200 games for Aston Villa.
The Catawbans is a series of three books by Gary Freeze on the history and genealogy of Catawba County in North Carolina. Freeze, a professor at Catawba College in Salisbury, was commissioned by the county to write its official history, and his three book series is the result of over twenty years of work on the project. The series includes the following three books:
The Cleveland Dyke (or Armathwaite Dyke, Cleveland-Armathwaite Dyke or Armathwaite-Cleveland Dyke) is an igneous intrusion which extends from Galloway in southern Scotland through Cumbria and County Durham in northern England to the North York Moors in North Yorkshire.
The dyke is associated with volcanism which took place at the Isle of Mull igneous centre in western Scotland during the early Palaeogene Period at a time of regional crustal tension associated with the opening of the north Atlantic Ocean and which resulted in the intrusion of innumerable dykes. The Cleveland Dyke has been dated to 55.8+/- 0.9 Ma. Though generally from 22–28 m wide, in places it is up to 30 metres (98 ft) wide and has been mapped over a distance of 430 kilometres (270 mi).  It is the most significant of a swarm of such intrusions associated with the Mull centre which extend southeastwards through this region, the others being the Acklington Dyke and the Blyth and Sunderland subswarms of Northumberland and Tyne and Wear.
It was thought traditionally that the entire dyke comprising some 85 cubic kilometres (20 cu mi) of rock was emplaced as a single pulse of magma over a few days, moving southeastwards from Mull but also rising vertically through the country rock, this mechanism leading in places to the development of en echelon segments of dyke. However, more recent work suggests that vertical emplacement as a series of thin blades of magma from a series of high level chambers within the crust is more likely. Offsets of the alignment occur within Scotland where the dyke crosses Caledonide fault systems. The dyke is composed of basaltic andesite which is amygdaloidal in places.The dyke has been worked for roadstone at numerous localities including Barrock Fell near Armathwaite in Cumbria and at both Cockfield Fell and Bolam in County Durham. Setts for road construction were made from the dyke at Langbaurgh.
Nawabzada Tariq Magsi is a Pakistani politician who is the current Provincial Minister of Balochistan for Communication and Works, in office since 30 August 2018. He has been a member of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan, since August 2018. Previously he was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan from August 2013 to May 2018.
JS Hachijō (MSO-303) was the third ship of the  Yaeyama-class minesweepers of the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force. She was commissioned on 24 March 1994.
The Blue Riband Trial Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Great Britain open to three-year-old horses. It is run over a distance of 1 mile, 2 furlongs and 17 yards (2,027 metres) at Epsom in April.
Esteban Gabriel Merino (died 1535) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Sara Errani was the defending champion, but withdrew before the tournament due to an adductor problem.Angelique Kerber was in contention to regain the world No. 1 ranking by winning the title, but lost in the semifinals to Elina Svitolina.Svitolina went on to win the title, defeating Caroline Wozniacki in the final, 6–4, 6–2.
Pseudoradiarctia rhodesiana is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1900. It is found in Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Rwanda, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda and Zimbabwe.
The Davis Lake volcanic field, is a volcanic field with a group of andesitic cinder cones, lava flows and basaltic andesite shield volcano. The field is located east of the Cascade Range of Oregon, United States.
William P. Hobby Airport (IATA: HOU, ICAO: KHOU, FAA LID: HOU) is an international airport in Houston, Texas, 7 miles (11 km) from downtown Houston. Hobby is Houston's oldest commercial airport and was its primary airport until Houston Intercontinental Airport, now George Bush Intercontinental Airport, opened in 1969. Hobby closed after the opening of Houston Intercontinental; after several years it re-opened and became a secondary airport for domestic airline service and a center for corporate and private aviation.
Houston Hobby is an operating base for Southwest Airlines, which has international and domestic flights from HOU and carries the vast majority of its passengers. Houston Hobby is the fifth largest airport in Southwest's network as of December 2017. Southwest opened its first international terminal at Houston Hobby, and began service from Houston Hobby to Mexico and Central and South America on October 15, 2015.The William P. Hobby Airport covers 1,304 acres (528 ha) and has four runways; however, as of February 1, 2020, one of the four runways, runway 17-35, is permanently closed. Its original art deco terminal building, the first passenger airline terminal in Houston, now houses the 1940 Air Terminal Museum.
Bessines-sur-Gartempe (French pronunciation: ​[bɛsin syʁ ɡaʁtɑ̃p], literally Bessines on Gartempe; Limousin: Becinas) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
The Reverend Canon Robin Roy Snyman was a priest in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa, who served as Dean of Kimberley and rector of St Cyprian’s Cathedral, and afterwards was Vice-Provost at the Cathedral Church of St Mary the Virgin, Port Elizabeth. He was born at Waterval Boven, in what is now Mpumalanga in 1934. He died in Port Elizabeth on 15 September 2020.
Lala Ram Ken (Hindi: लाला राम केन; 24 November 1931 − 5 October 2007) was a political leader who was elected Member of Parliament twice from Bayana Constituency for 7th and 8th Lok Sabha (Parliament).
Los Osos Back Bay is a prehistoric Chumash archaeological site in the Los Osos Valley, near the coast in San Luis Obispo County, California. 
These ancient Californian Native Americans had a significant settlement, now named "Los Osos Back Bay," on a stabilized sand dune. It is to the west of the Elfin Forest Natural Area, which  has another midden within it.
Los Osos Back Bay is also the present day name for the southernmost part of the Morro Bay estuary, known by the locals as "the back bay." It is where the native Chumash at the eponymous archaeological site gathered marine resources, as coastal tribes along this part of the California coast regularly did.
Guentherocoris is a genus of plant bugs in the family Miridae. There is one described species in Guentherocoris, G. atritibialis.
BC Kryvbas (Ukrainian: Спортивний клуб Кривбас), is a professional basketball club based in Kryvyi Rih, Ukraine.
Achievements of the team were winning the Ukrainian Basketball League in 2009, and winning the Higher League in 2003 and 2004.
Kryvbas withdrew from the 2016–17 Ukrainian Basketball SuperLeague in January 2017.
Davulga is a village in the District of Emirdağ, Afyonkarahisar Province, Turkey.
Anne Boleyn, the second wife of King Henry VIII of England, and Queen of England from 1533 until she was beheaded in 1536 for treason (consisting of alleged adultery, including alleged incest with her brother George), has inspired or been mentioned in numerous artistic and cultural works. The following lists cover various media, enduring works of high art, and recent representations in popular culture, film and fiction. The entries represent portrayals that a reader has a reasonable chance of encountering, rather than a complete catalogue. Anne Boleyn was the second wife of Henry VIII and was the mother of Elizabeth I. She has been called "the most influential and important queen consort England has ever had", as she provided the occasion for Henry VIII to annul his marriage to Catherine of Aragon and declare the English church's independence from the Vatican.
Pristimantis pedimontanus is a species of frogs in the family Craugastoridae.
Ottilie von Hansemann (11 April 1840 in Koblenz – 12 December 1919 in Berlin) was a German women's rights activist, significant patroness of the women's movement in Prussia, and a champion for the right of women to attend German universities, to participate in university classes alongside their male cohorts, and to live in student residence halls built specifically for female students.
In 1860, Ottilie (born von Kusserow) married Adolph von Hansemann (27 July 1826 – 9 December 1903). Ottilie's husband was a notable Prussian industrialist and manager of the Disconto-Gesellschaft, a large financial holding founded in 1851 and headquartered in Berlin, which in 1929 merged with Deutsche Bank. Ottilie and her husband had two children, Ferdinand and Davide Eveline von Hansemann.
At the turn of the twentieth century, German women's struggle for higher education focused on their being integrated into existing universities. In Germany, the women's movement focused on a range of social and design issues, including land reform, the urban gardening movement, centralized housekeeping, housing inspection, and residences for female workers and students. In 1907, Ottilie von Hansemann offered the rector of the Friedrich Wilhelm University (renamed Humboldt University in 1949) in Berlin 200,000 Reichsmarks as a scholarship endowment in exchange for his allowing women to be admitted to the university and to attend classes together with male students. In 1908, after the Prussian government opened universities to women, the rector of Friedrich Wilhelm University requested the promised financial gift from Ottilie, but she refused because the law admitting women to German universities contained a stipulation that for "special reasons" a professor could petition the education minister to bar women from his courses. When German Culture Minister Ludwig Holle was unwilling to revise this exceptional paragraph, Ottilie withdrew her endowment offer to the university and instead invested the money in the construction of the Viktoria-Studienhaus (a student residence for women) on the former Berliner Allee (since 1957 Otto-Suhr-Allee) in the Charlottenburg neighborhood of Berlin. Opened in 1915, the Viktoria-Studienhaus was also referred to as Haus Ottilie von Hansemann, in honor of its royal patron (Crown Princess Victoria) and its largest donor, respectively.
John McEwan Hunter (1863 – 18 April 1940) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Drehnow (Lower Sorbian: Drjenow) is a municipality in the district of Spree-Neiße, in Brandenburg, Germany.
The 1987–88 South Pacific cyclone season was a quiet tropical cyclone season with five tropical cyclones and 2 severe tropical cyclones, observed within the South Pacific basin to the east of 160°E.
Teresópolis Futebol Clube, commonly known as Teresópolis, is a Brazilian football club based in Teresópolis, Rio de Janeiro state.
Budgeting loans are a feature of the social security system in the United Kingdom. Budgeting Loans are interest free loans from the Social Fund that are available only to people claiming certain income-related benefits.Although the discretionary element of the Social Fund was abolished those who have not yet been transferred over to Universal Credit can still apply. However, those in receipt of Universal Credit are ineligible for a budgeting loan and must instead apply for a Budgeting Advance instead.The loan is meant to be used for household necessities and paying down existing consumer debt. The total sum can be up to £812, if the applicant is part of a couple with children. In 2019, the UK government has re-affirmed its commitment to the loan scheme.
Dragoneutes pilosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Monne in 2004.
Pont-du-Château (French: [pɔ̃ dy ʃɑto]; Auvergnat: Pont dau Chastèl; literally 'Bridge of the Castle') is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Siphonops hardyi, or Hardy's caecilian, is a species of caecilian in the family Siphonopidae. It is endemic to southeastern Brazil where it occurs in the states of São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Espírito Santo, and Minas Gerais, possibly wider. This species lives in soil and under leaf litter or stones in primary forest, plantations, and rural gardens. It is a common species; it can locally suffer from infrastructure development but is not generally threatened.
Nicole Schott (born 12 September 1996) is a German figure skater. She is the 2016 CS Warsaw Cup champion, the 2017 CS Tallinn Trophy bronze medalist, a two-time NRW Trophy champion (2014, 2016), and a six-time German national champion (2012, 2015, 2018–20, 2022). She has finished within the top ten at three European Championships.
She placed 18th at the 2018 Winter Olympics and is currently the 21st highest ranked ladies' singles skater in world by the International Skating Union following the 2019-20 figure skating season.
Sinbad  (c. 1936 – 30 December 1951) was a mixed-breed dog that was one of two animals to be classified as non-commissioned officers by an arm of the United States military, rather than property, prior to the enactment of regulations to prohibit such (the other being Sergeant Stubby USA, WWI) after being enlisted by the creative crew of USCGC Campbell. Prior to and after an official retirement, Sinbad was assigned the title of Chief Dog (abbreviated K9C), his rank being that of Chief Petty Officer. At the time of the biography written by George Foley, no other member of the United States Coast Guard had yet been the subject of a published biography. Sinbad spent 11 years at sea on the Campbell including combat in World War II that became widely publicized as part of the homefront campaign.
Princess Maria of Greece and Denmark (Greek: Μαρία) (Russian: Мария Георгиевна; 3 March [O.S. 20 February] 1876 – 14 December 1940) was a daughter of King George I of Greece and his wife  Grand Duchess  Olga Constantinovna of Russia. She was a sister of King Constantine I of Greece and a first cousin of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia.
Born as a princess of Greece and Denmark, she was educated in Athens by private tutors. Her father instilled in her a great love for Greece and throughout her life, she remained a fervent patriot. She married Grand Duke George Mikhailovich of Russia, her first cousin once removed, who courted her for five years. The wedding took place in 1900 in Corfu. The couple settled in St. Petersburg and they had two daughters: Princesses Nina (1901 -1974) and Xenia of Russia (1903 -1965).
Grand Duke George Mikhailovich had a house built for her in Crimea and he was a devoted father and husband, but the marriage was unhappy. Princess Maria, known upon her marriage as Grand Duchess Maria Georgievna of Russia, neither got to love her husband nor her adopted country. Longing for her native Greece, she never adapted to life in Russia. Over the years, she became estranged from her husband taking any opportunity to spend time abroad. At the outbreak of World War I, she was vacationing in England with her daughters and chose not to return to Russia. During the conflict, she was a patron of three military hospitals in Harrogate, which she financed generously.
Her husband was trapped in Russia after the revolution and he was shot by the Bolsheviks with several other Romanov relatives in January 1919.  In her widowhood, deprived of her Russian income, Princess Maria faced serious financial difficulties. She returned to live in Greece with her daughters in 1920. There, she began a relationship with Admiral Perikles Ioannidis, who had been the commander of the ship that she took at her return to Athens. They were married in  1922. The proclamation of the Second Hellenic Republic in 1924, sent her into exile. The princess returned to live in Britain for a couple of years and she settled in Rome in 1926 with her second husband. She lived in Italy for over a decade until the outbreak of the Greco-Italian War in 1940 forced her to return to her native Greece. She was in poor health and was cared for by her nephew King Paul of Greece and his wife Frederica. She died, as the Greek royal family was about to leave for exile. She left a book of memoirs, published posthumously by her grandchildren with the title A Romanov Diary.
Dominica ( (listen) or  (listen); Kalinago: Wai‘tu kubuli;  French: Dominique; Dominican Creole French: Dominik), officially the Commonwealth of Dominica, is an island country in the Caribbean. The capital, Roseau, is located on the western side of the island. It is geographically situated as part of the Windward Islands chain in the Lesser Antilles archipelago in the Caribbean Sea. The island is surrounded by the French Republic with Guadeloupe to the northwest and Martinique to the south-southeast. Its area is 750 km2 (290 sq mi), and the highest point is Morne Diablotins, at 1,447 m (4,747 ft) in elevation. The population was 71,293 at the 2011 census.The island was settled by the Arawak arriving from South America in the fifth century. The Kalinago displaced the Arawak by the 15th century. Columbus is said to have passed the island on Sunday, 3 November 1493. It was later colonised by Europeans, predominantly by the French from the 1690s to 1763. The French imported enslaved people from West Africa to Dominica to work on coffee plantations. Great Britain took possession in 1763 after the Seven Years' War, and it gradually established English as its official language. The island gained independence as a republic in 1978.
Dominica has been nicknamed the "Nature Island of the Caribbean" for its natural environment. It is the youngest island in the Lesser Antilles, and in fact it is still being formed by geothermal-volcanic activity, as evidenced by the world's second-largest hot spring, called Boiling Lake. The island has lush mountainous rainforests, and it is the home of many rare plants, animals, and bird species. There are xeric areas in some of the western coastal regions, but heavy rainfall occurs inland. The Sisserou parrot, also known as the imperial amazon and found only on Dominica, is the island's national bird and featured on the national flag, making it one of the only two sovereign nations whose official flag features the color purple. The country is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, the United Nations, the Organization of American States, the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie, and the Non-Aligned Movement.
Basingstoke Rugby Football Club is a Rugby Union club based in Basingstoke, Hampshire, in southern England.  The men's 1st XV currently plays in London 3 South West - a league at level 8 of the English rugby union system - following their promotion from Hampshire Premier at the end of the 2018-19 season, while the 2nd XV play in Hampshire 2.
The Jelly Jam is an American progressive rock trio super group, consisting of King's X member Ty Tabor on guitar and vocals, Winger and Dixie Dregs member Rod Morgenstein  on drums, and Dream Theater member John Myung on bass guitar.Their first album, The Jelly Jam, was released by InsideOut Music in 2002. Their second album, The Jelly Jam 2, followed in 2004.
The 2020 Supercopa de Chile (known as the Súper Copa Easy 2020 for sponsorship purposes) was the eighth edition of the Supercopa de Chile, championship organised by the Asociación Nacional de Fútbol Profesional (ANFP). The match was played by the 2019 Chilean Primera División champions Universidad Católica and the 2019 Copa Chile champions Colo-Colo on 21 March 2021 at Estadio Nacional Julio Martínez Prádanos in Santiago.The match, scheduled to be played in the calendar year 2020, was postponed to 2021 due to the schedule disruptions caused by the 2019 Chilean protests which pushed back the conclusion of the 2019 Copa Chile to January 2020 and later the COVID-19 pandemic in Chile. Universidad Católica were the winners, claiming their third Supercopa title with a 4–2 victory after 90 minutes.
Nunzio "Nick" Discepola (November 27, 1949 – November 21, 2012) was an Italian-born Canadian politician and businessman.
Willa Kenoyer (13 December 1933 in Tacoma, Washington–28 March 2020 in Albany, New York) was the Socialist Party USA (SPUSA) candidate for President of the United States in the 1988 U.S. presidential election.  The SPUSA was not on the ballot in 1984 (the previous election) due to a lack of interest among its members, and only hoped for a vote total of five digits, expecting to do better in the next century, according to the chair Anne Rosenhaft. Kenoyer's running mate was Ron Ehrenreich; they also ran on the Liberty Union Party (LUP) line in Vermont, defeating Herbert G. Lewin of the Internationalist Workers Party by a vote difference of 199–66 in the LUP primary, which socialists use to gauge the relative strength of their campaigns.  They hoped to spread their ideas, finding some similarities to the goals of Jesse Jackson's campaign, with significant differences regarding the military and intelligence agencies, and faulted him for, in their opinion, attracting more people to the Democratic Party.  The Democratic party's ultimate nominee Michael Dukakis and platform were criticized by the campaign.Kenoyer and Ehrenreich received 3,882 votes in the election. At the time she was working as a freelance journalist in Shelby, Michigan, and had been a co-chair of the Citizens Party.  She was a divorced mother of four who learned about socialism from her father, a member of the Sawmill Workers.  Her mother was a member of the Newspaper Guild.  Prior to running for President, she served a six-year term on the Economic Development Commission for Oceana County, Michigan, to which she was reappointed in 1987.In 2004, she was appointed to the Van Buren County, Michigan Family Independence Agency Board.  She was reappointed for a term expiring in October 2009.
Carmichael College is an educational institution in Rangpur, Bangladesh. It was established on 10 November 1916 and was named after Thomas David Baron Carmichael of Skirling.The college is situated in Lalbag, 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) to the south from zero point of the Rangpur town. Having an area of 900 bighas (298 acres), it is the largest college of Bangladesh.
Cecil Kaiser (June 27, 1916 – February 14, 2011) was a Negro league baseball pitcher, outfielder, and first baseman.
In the course of his career Kaiser played for the Detroit Stars, the Motor City Giants, the Homestead Grays and Pittsburgh Crawfords and on various Latin American and Canadian teams. With the Homestead Grays he played with great players such as hall of famers Josh Gibson and Cool Papa Bell.
He started his career as a 5-foot-6, 165-pound outfielder. He eventually became a left-handed pitcher after his team suffered a series of injuries. He was known as a strikeout pitcher with a good fastball and an assortment of off-speed pitches. He was nicknamed the "Minute Man" as it took him about one minute to strike out batters and as the "Aspirin Tablet Man" for throwing pitches that resembled aspirin tablets. During perhaps his best season, the winter ball season of 1949-1950, he posted a league-leading 1.68 ERA in the Puerto Rican League.Kaiser died after a fall at his home in Southfield, Michigan.
In the United Kingdom, various NHS administrations charge patients and staff for parking at hospitals. The cost of hospital parking is a controversial topic, with opponents in England criticising the charges. In Scotland and Wales car parking fees were largely abolished in 2008.
Proposals to scrap charges have been criticised on several grounds.  The cost of running secure car parking is substantial.  If a surplus is generated it is used to pay for healthcare. In many hospital sites there is a shortage of car parking space and making it free will encourage people to come to hospital by car without generating any extra space. Where hospital parking is already free it may be used by people who are not visiting the hospital, and it does nothing to discourage the inappropriate use of cars.
Nathan Cottrell (born August 2, 1996) is an American football running back for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). Cottrell played college football at Georgia Tech.
The East York Civic Centre was the municipal office of the former borough of East York, now part of Toronto, Ontario, Canada as the result of municipal amalgamation. The two-storey civic buildings, located on the western side of Coxwell Avenue, were completed in 1990. Prior to 1990 it was the site of the East York Municipal Offices. The Township of East York Municipal Building was located nearby at 443 Sammon Avenue.Since 1998, the building's former council chambers have not been used for any municipal-council function.  The East York Community Council became the Downtown Community Council (later renamed Toronto East York Community Council) and sits at Toronto City Hall. From 2002 to 2005, the council chambers were used to hold public hearings in the Toronto Computer Leasing Inquiry.  The former chambers is rectangular room with a semi-circular desk seating 11 members and small second floor visitor's gallery, named the True Davidson Chambers after former mayor True Davidson.
The building is used for offices for various committees and city departments including services for residents of East York.  A farmer's market takes place at the Civic Centre from May to November.  A cenotaph is located on the Civic Centre's Memorial Gardens, a simple park surrounding the building.
Walter John Chipple (born Walter John Chlipala, September 26, 1918 – June 8, 1988) was a Major League Baseball center fielder who played for the Washington Senators in 1945.
Idriss Ngari (born 2 April 1946) is a Gabonese politician and army general. A relative of President Omar Bongo, Ngari rose rapidly through the ranks of the army, ultimately serving as Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces from 1984 to 1994. He then held a succession of posts in the government of Gabon, serving as Minister of Defense from 1994 to 1999, Minister of Transport from 1999 to 2002, Minister of the Interior from 2002 to 2004, Minister of Public Works from 2004 to 2007, Minister of Tourism from 2007 to 2009, and finally as Minister of Health in 2009. Considered one of Gabon's most powerful figures during Omar Bongo's rule, Ngari is a member of the Gabonese Democratic Party (PDG).
Knipowitschia radovici, the Norin goby, is a species of goby endemic to Croatia where it only occurs in the drainage basin of the Neretva River where adults inhabit the deepest parts of the rivers (down to 5.5 metres (18 ft)) in the strongest current (juveniles are found in shallower waters).  This species can reach a length of 2.8 centimetres (1.1 in) SL. The specific name honours the Ornithologist Dragan Radović, a friend of the author, Marcelo Kovačić, who encouraged him to sample in the waterbodies of Croatia.
Stepanovo (Russian: Степаново) is a rural locality (a village) in Shelotskoye Rural Settlement, Verkhovazhsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 35 as of 2002.
Trignac (French pronunciation: [tʁiɲak] (listen); Breton: Trinieg) is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
The 1996 NCAA Division II Women's Basketball Tournament was the 15th annual tournament hosted by the NCAA to determine the national champion of Division II women's  collegiate basketball in the United States.Three-time defending  champions North Dakota State defeated Shippensburg in the championship game, 104–78, to claim the Bison's fifth NCAA Division II national title. This was North Dakota State's fifth title in six years and fourth of four consecutive titles for the Bison.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is an independent executive agency of the United States federal government tasked with environmental protection matters. President Richard Nixon proposed the establishment of EPA on July 9, 1970; it began operation on December 2, 1970, after Nixon signed an executive order. The order establishing the EPA was ratified by committee hearings in the House and Senate. The agency is led by its administrator, who is appointed by the president and approved by the Senate. The current administrator is Michael S. Regan. The EPA is not a Cabinet department, but the administrator is normally given cabinet rank.
The EPA has its headquarters in Washington, D.C., regional offices for each of the agency's ten regions, and 27 laboratories. The agency conducts environmental assessment, research, and education. It has the responsibility of maintaining and enforcing national standards under a variety of environmental laws, in consultation with state, tribal, and local governments. It delegates some permitting, monitoring, and enforcement responsibility to U.S. states and the federally recognized tribes. EPA enforcement powers include fines, sanctions, and other measures. The agency also works with industries and all levels of government in a wide variety of voluntary pollution prevention programs and energy conservation efforts.
In 2018, the agency had 14,297 employees. More than half of EPA's employees are engineers, scientists, and environmental protection specialists; other employees include legal, public affairs, financial, and information technologists.
Many public health and environmental groups advocate for the agency and believe that it is creating a better world. Other critics believe that the agency commits government overreach by adding unnecessary regulations on business and property owners.
Letters to Judy: What Kids Wish They Could Tell You is a book published by Judy Blume in 1986. It is not a novel, but a collection of letters from children with responses from Blume.
Blume quotes correspondence she receives asking for advice, written by readers of her children's books, boys and girls who feel unable to confide in their parents. The letters come from children, ranging from 10 years old through the teens, who write about specific problems most of which Blume has addressed in her novels. Some of these kids are rejected by peers; others feel neglected at home or hurt by divorce. A divorced mother herself, Blume is sympathetic to the young people who write to her and sympathizes with parents as well; she intends this book to help them become more aware of their children's needs.
Donald Campbell MacNeil (January 4, 1924 – October 24, 1978) was a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Cape Breton South in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1956 to 1970. He is a member of the Nova Scotia Progressive Conservative Party.MacNeil was born in Sydney, Nova Scotia. He attended Acadia University, St. Francis Xavier University, and Dalhousie University. He earned a Bachelor of Laws from Dalhousie in 1948 and went into law practice. In 1948, he married Marguerite Shirley Cameron. He served in the Executive Council of Nova Scotia as Minister of Municipal Affairs.
Idalin [iˈdalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Opole Lubelskie and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
New Zion is a Canadian unincorporated community in Northfield Parish, Sunbury County, New Brunswick.It is located 5 kilometres southwest of Minto.
"Lump" is a song by alternative rock band the Presidents of the United States of America. It was released in 1995 and featured on their self-titled debut album. The song reached number one on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart in 1995. 
Composer Chris Ballew said that the lyrics combined his own history of having a benign tumor in the head  with a vision he had of a woman in a swamp, while employing the word "lump" because Ballew was fond of it. The musical part was described by Ballew as him "trying to write a Buzzcocks song". Ballew considers it his favorite composition.Later in the same year, it debuted on the Album Rock Tracks chart, and went on to hit number seven. The song is featured in the video games Rock Band 2, the Nintendo DS version of Band Hero, Just Dance and Saints Row IV. It has additionally been covered or remade by several artists such as The Johnstones and "Weird Al" Yankovic.
Vannankulam, Jaffna is a small town in Sri Lanka. It is located within Northern Province.
Martin Gerretsen Schuneman (February 10, 1764 – February 21, 1827) was a United States Representative from New York.Born in Catskill, he was educated by his father, a clergyman.  Town histories recount that Schuneman was well known in upstate New York because of his imposing physique; he was six feet three inches tall, and weighed nearly 300 pounds.
In 1792 he was appointed a  justice of the peace for Albany County, which then included Catskill. He operated a successful general store, and owned an inn in Madison, now called Leeds, as well as gristmills and other business ventures.He was Catskill's Town Supervisor in 1797, 1799, and 1802.  He was a member of the New York State Assembly in 1798 to 1800 when Catskill was part of Ulster County.  He was a delegate from newly formed Greene County to the State constitutional convention in 1801, and represented a Greene County district in the Assembly in 1802.In 1804 he was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Ninth Congress, holding office from March 4, 1805, to March 3, 1807.
He resumed his former business pursuits and died in Catskill on February 21, 1827.  He was buried at the Old Cemetery in Leeds.
Esther Margaux "Mocha" Justiniano Uson, known by her screen name Mocha Uson, is a controversial Filipina singer, actress, dancer, model, political blogger, and public official known for spreading fake news and disinformation. She is also a co-founder of the group Mocha Girls.
Uson served as a member of the Movie and Television Review and Classification Board (MTRCB) from January 2017 through her appointment as Assistant Secretary of the Presidential Communications Operations Office (PCOO) in May of the same year by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte as a reward for her support in his presidential election campaign. She resigned from office on October 3, 2018, following a series of gaffes, though some insiders said she was dismissed by Malacañang. On September 30, 2019, it was announced that Duterte had appointed Uson as deputy executive director of the Overseas Workers Welfare Administration (OWWA), much to the outrage of Filipino netizens.Consequent to her risqué performances with the Mocha Girls and revealing personal photographs, including articles she authored with sexual content, Uson gained controversy. Her critics have also brought to question her administrative competence for propagating fake news and misinformation via her eponymous blog, earning her the pejorative title "Queen of Fake News" from them.
The Spell of the Circus (1931) is a Universal 10-chapter movie serial. Francis X. Bushman Jr. played the trick horseback rider/hero Jack Grant. This is considered to be a lost film.
Cichliformes  is an order of fishes. Its members were previously classified under the order Perciformes, but now many authorities consider it to be an independent order within the subseries Ovalentaria.
Semeler, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
Al-Bayda' is a village in eastern Yemen. It is located in the Hadhramaut Governorate.
Renan Souza Diniz (born 27 February 1993) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Mirassol.
The 2013 Via Rail Canada terrorism plot was a conspiracy to commit terrorist acts in and against Canada in the form of disruption, destruction or derailment of trains operated by Canada's national passenger railway service, Via Rail Canada. The alleged targeted train route was the Maple Leaf, the daily train service between Toronto and New York City operated jointly by Via Rail and Amtrak. A railway bridge over the Twenty Mile Creek in Jordan, Ontario, was later identified as the target, according to unsealed court documents.Suspects Chiheb Esseghaier, a Tunisian national, and Raed Jaser, a Palestinian, were arrested on 22 April 2013 by the RCMP and subsequently charged by the Crown in connection with the plot.  Both men were permanent residents of Canada at the time of their arrests, although the Canadian government had sought for the deportation of Jaser for a second time after the conviction. The deportation attempt was withdrawn after the Ontario Court of Appeal allowed a new trial in August 2019.On 20 March 2015, a Ontario Superior Court of Justice jury found both defendants guilty on all but one count of the charges. The jury was discharged from determining the extent of guilt on the remaining charge. On 23 September 2015, both Esseghaier and Jaser were sentenced to life imprisonment for a combination of six terrorism-related offences. In August 2019, the Ontario Court of Appeal ordered a new trial for both men due to juror selection issues in Jaser's case, although the Supreme Court of Canada overturned the verdict on 7 October 2020 and, despite affirming the issues regarding juror selection, refused a new trial because their rights to a fair trial were not harmed. The case was then sent back to the appellate court which will hear the remaining issues regarding a new trial.
Bis-tris propane, or 1,3-bis(tris(hydroxymethyl)methylamino)propane, also known as BTP, is a chemical substance that is used in buffer solutions.  It is a white to off-white crystalline powder that is soluble in water.  It has a wide buffering range, from 6 to 9.5 due to its two pKa values which are close in value.  This buffer is primarily used in biochemistry and molecular biology.
The New Georgian monkey-faced bat or New Georgian flying monkey (Pteralopex taki) is a recently described species of megabat endemic to the Solomon Islands, more specifically New Georgia and Vangunu Islands. It is presumably extinct on Kolombangara Island, and remaining population on other islands are threatened by habitat loss and hunting. Consequently, it is considered vulnerable by IUCN. In 2013, Bat Conservation International listed this species as one of the 35 species of its worldwide priority list of conservation.
The 2014–15 EOJHL season was the 48th season of the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League (EOJHL). The twenty two teams of the EOJHL played between 40 and 44 game schedules.
In February, the top teams of the league played for the D. Arnold Carson Memorial Trophy, the EOJHL championship.
Mount Kaplan is a massive mountain, the highest in the Hughes Range of Antarctica, standing 5 km (3 mi) southeast of Mount Wexler.The mountain was discovered and photographed by Admiral Byrd on the Baselaying Flight of November 18, 1929, and surveyed by A.P. Crary in 1957–58. Crary named it for Joseph Kaplan, the chairman of the U.S. National Committee for the IGY, 1957–58.
The Division of Tasmania was an Australian electoral division covering Tasmania. The five-member statewide seat existed from the inaugural 1901 election until the 1903 election. Each elector cast one vote. Unlike most of the other states, Tasmania had not been split into individual single-member electorates. The other exception was the seven-member Division of South Australia. The statewide seats were abolished at a redistribution conducted two months prior to the 1903 election and were subsequently replaced with single-member divisions, one per displaced member, with each elector now casting a single vote.
The Aberto da República is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor (men) and indoor (women) clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour and the International Tennis Federation (ITF) Women's World Tennis Tour and has been held annually in Brasília, Brazil, since 2021.
In historical scholarship, the Socratic problem (or Socratic question) concerns attempts at reconstructing a historical and philosophical image of Socrates based on the variable, and sometimes contradictory, nature of the existing sources on his life. Scholars rely upon extant sources, such as those of contemporaries like Aristophanes or disciples of Socrates like Plato and Xenophon, for knowing anything about Socrates. However, these sources contain contradictory details of his life, words, and beliefs when taken together. This complicates the attempts at reconstructing the beliefs and philosophical views held by the historical Socrates. It is apparent to scholarship that this problem is now deemed a task seeming impossible to clarify and thus perhaps now classified as unsolvable.Socrates was the main character in most of Plato's dialogues and was a genuine historical figure. It is widely understood that in later dialogues Plato used the character Socrates to give voice to views that were his own. Besides Plato, three other important sources exist for the study of Socrates: Aristophanes, Aristotle, and Xenophon. Since no extensive writings of Socrates himself survive to the modern era, his actual views must be discerned from the sometimes contradictory reports of these four sources. The main sources for the historical Socrates are the Sokratikoi logoi, or Socratic dialogues, which are reports of conversations apparently involving Socrates. Most information is found in the works of Plato and Xenophon.There are also four sources extant in fragmentary states: Aeschines of Sphettus, Antisthenes, Euclid of Megara, and Phaedo of Elis. In addition, there are two satirical commentaries on Socrates. One is Aristophanes's play The Clouds, which humorously attacks Socrates. The other is two  fragments from the Silloi by the Pyrrhonist philosopher Timon of Phlius, satirizing dogmatic philosophers.
Praia das Catedrais (Spanish: playa de las Catedrales, English: Beach of the Cathedrals) is on the northwest coast of Spain. It is the name given by the tourism industry to Praia de Augas Santas (translated from Galician: 'Beach of the Holy Waters'). The beach is located in the Ribadeo municipality, in the province of Lugo (Galicia), on the Cantabric coast, and it lies about ten kilometres to the west of the town of Ribadeo. Its name is derived from its cliff formations.
It has been declared a Natural Monument by the regional Ministry for the Environment of the Xunta de Galicia.
Dr Ko Wing-man GBS, JP (Chinese: 高永文, born 1957) served as the Secretary for Food and Health of Hong Kong from 2012 to 2017. Besides the orthopedic specialist, he is the member of The Medical Council of Hong Kong, the chairman of The Hong Kong Anti-Cancer Society, member of the Board of Hong Kong Baptist University, member of the Board of Hong Kong Red Cross, Board of Directors of the Chiu Sheung School Hong Kong, Consultant of the pro-Beijing New People's Party (Hong Kong), The New Voice Club of Hong Kong, Happy Charity For Public Foundation, Asia-Pacific Anti Additive Association, the President of the Hong Kong Medical & Health Association of China,  the Chairman of the Strategic Development Committee, the Chairman of the Chinese Medicine Development Committee and the Standing Committee of the Chaozhou, GuangDong Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultable Conference.
USS Charleston (1798), a galley in commission from 1798 to 1802
USS Charleston (C-2), a protected cruiser commissioned in 1889 and wrecked in 1899
USS Charleston (C-22), a protected cruiser in commission from 1905 to 1923
USS Charleston (PG-51), a gunboat in commission from 1936 to 1946
USS Charleston (LKA-113), an amphibious cargo ship in commission from 1968 to 1992
USS Charleston (LCS-18), a littoral combat ship commissioned on March 2, 2019
The Morning is the debut studio album by English musician Lewis Watson. It was released in 7 June 2014 under Warner Bros. It charted at number 28 in the UK Official Charts.
Čečovice is a municipality and village in Plzeň-South District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 100 inhabitants.
Čečovice lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Domažlice, 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Plzeň, and 110 km (68 mi) south-west of Prague.
Christmas Creek Airport (IATA: CXQ, ICAO: YCRK) is an airport serving Christmas Creek Station, in the Australian state of Western Australia.It is located in the Shire of Derby-West Kimberley, one of the four local government areas in the Kimberley region of northern Western Australia.
The Hafelekarspitze is a mountain in the so-called North Chain (Nordkette) north of Innsbruck in Austria.
Mary Ethelwyn Moore (April 28, 1887, or 1881 – 1967) was an American sculptor and teacher born in Taunton, Massachusetts, best known for her fountains, including the Small Child Fountain located in the Boston Public Garden, busts, and relief portraits.  She studied sculpture at the school of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts  with Bela Pratt, Charles Grafly, and F. E. Elwell and she also taught there and at the Beaver Country Day School.
Among her students was Brenda Putnam.Moore was a member of the National Sculpture Society and showed at their 1929 exhibition.
Rowan College at Burlington County (RCBC), is a public community college in Burlington County, New Jersey. Main facilities are located in Mount Laurel with other campuses in Mount Holly, Willingboro and Joint Base.
Cypriot–Egyptian relations refer to bilateral relations between Cyprus and Egypt. Due to the strong cultural and historical ties between the two nations, Cyprus and Egypt today enjoy friendly, and strategic relations. Modern diplomatic relations between the two countries were established soon after Cyprus gained its independence in 1960, and are regarded as cordial. Cyprus has an embassy in Cairo and Egypt has an embassy in Nicosia.
Sporting Khalsa Football Club are a football club, formed in 1991, members of the Northern Premier League Division One Midlands, who play their home games at Noose Lane in Willenhall, West Midlands. Being founded by the local Sikh community, they are the first British Asian club to own their own ground, which they bought from Willenhall Town in 2010 after moving from Abbey Park, the former home of Bloxwich Town.
Rolf Jähnichen (born in Helmsdorf on 11 May 1939) is a retired German politician.
Between 1994 and 1999 he was a member of the Regional Assembly in Saxony.   Between 1990 and 1998 he served as Saxony's Agriculture minister, with the Environment added to his portfolio in 1998.   He retired from his political career in 1999.
Erebus ipsa is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Charles Swinhoe in 1918. It is found in Sri Lanka.
Max D. Adams is an American screenwriter and author. The winner of a Nicholl Fellowship in Screenwriting and an Austin Film Festival screenwriting award, Adams went on to be dubbed “Red Hot Adams” by Daily Variety.
Hummock Island is the largest of a group of islands in King George Bay in the Falkland Islands.  It has a land area of 3.03 square kilometres (1.17 sq mi) and is about 4.0 miles (6.4 km) long in a north-west to south-east direction.  Hummock Island is off the western coast of West Falkland, in a bay that leads to the estuary of the Chartres River.    The highest point on the island is in the north-east and is 190 metres (620 ft).  There are cliffs which often reach over 60 metres (200 ft) high.Hummock Island is situated between Rabbit Island and Middle Island. Other islands in the Hummock Island group include Green Island and Gid's Island.
In the middle of the Twentieth Century the island was used as an extension of the New Island sheep farm, and heavy grazing caused much of the Tussac grass to be eaten out. This has left areas of bare 'black ground'. However,  the present owner has indicated that he will not restock the island but will allow the vegetation to recover.  Gid's and Middle Islands are nature reserves.
Leon Aderemi Balogun (born 28 June 1988) is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Scottish Premiership champions Rangers and the Nigeria national team.
Pyrausta subsequalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Achille Guenée in 1854. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from southern Alberta and southern British Columbia south to Arizona and New Mexico. The habitat consists of dry prairie areas.
The wingspan is 14–18 mm. The ground color of the forewings and hindwings is fulvous brown with dull yellowish-buff postmedial and subterminal lines. Adults have been recorded on wing from July to early September.
Brian Daniel Pintado (born 29 July 1995) is a race walker from Ecuador. He competed in the Men's 20 km walk at the 2016 Summer Olympics, finishing in 37th place with a time of 1:23:44.He represented Ecuador at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Felix Tikotin (12 October 1893 – 15 August 1986) was an architect, art collector, and founder of the first Museum of Japanese Art in the Middle East.
Jeff Arnett was Master Distiller at the Jack Daniel's Distillery. He was only the seventh Master Distiller in the distillery's history,Arnett served in the position from April, 2008 until September, 2020. He has worked at the distillery since 2001, when he took a job in quality control, overseeing Jack Daniel’s Single Barrel. He was honored by Whisky Magazine as “Master Distiller of the Year” in 2017.
Fernando Teixeira is an engineer at Ohio State University, Columbus. He was named a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2015 for his contributions to time-domain electromagnetic techniques and applications.
Rainbow Reel Tokyo (Japanese: レインボー・リール東京 Reinbō rīru Tōkyō), until 2016 known as Tokyo International Lesbian & Gay Film Festival, (Japanese: 東京国際レズビアン&ゲイ映画祭 Tōkyō kokusai rezubian to gei eigasai), also known by the acronym TILGFF, is an international film festival for LGBT audiences, held annually in Tokyo, the capital city of Japan.
The Festival was established in 1992 and was held at Nakano Sun Plaza, 6th Floor (中野サンプラザ６F研修室).  The next three were held at Kichijōji Baus Theater (吉祥寺バウスシアター).  Since 1996, the Festival has been held in July at Spiral Hall in the Aoyama neighborhood of Tokyo.
The 23rd Tokyo International Lesbian & Gay Film Festival was held July 12~21, 2014, at Eurospace in Shibuya, and Spiral Hall in Aoyama.
Backyard Farms is a Madison, Maine-based agricultural company specializing in massive greenhouses to produce vine-ripened tomatoes. It had been owned by Devonshire Investors, a Boston-based branch of Fidelity Investments but was sold in June 2017 to a Canadian produce company, Mastronardi Produce of Ontario.
The Portland Trail Blazers (colloquially known as the Blazers) are an American professional basketball team based in Portland, Oregon. The Trail Blazers compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the league's Western Conference Northwest Division. The team played its home games in the Memorial Coliseum before moving to the Moda Center in 1995 (called the Rose Garden until 2013). The franchise entered the league as an expansion team in 1970, and has enjoyed a strong following: from 1977 through 1995, the team sold out 814 consecutive home games, the longest such streak in American major professional sports at the time, and only since surpassed by the Boston Red Sox. The Trail Blazers are the only NBA team based in the Pacific Northwest, after the Vancouver Grizzlies relocated to Memphis and became the Memphis Grizzlies in 2001 and the Seattle SuperSonics relocated to Oklahoma City and became the Oklahoma City Thunder in 2008.
The team has advanced to the NBA Finals three times, winning the NBA championship once in 1977. Their other NBA Finals appearances were in 1990 and 1992. The team has qualified for the playoffs in 37 seasons of their 51-season existence, including a streak of 21 straight appearances from 1983 through 2003, tied for the second longest streak in NBA history. The Trail Blazers' 34 playoff appearances rank third in the NBA only behind the Los Angeles Lakers and San Antonio Spurs since the team's inception in 1970. Six Hall of Fame players have played for the Trail Blazers (Lenny Wilkens, Bill Walton, Clyde Drexler, Dražen Petrović, Arvydas Sabonis, and Scottie Pippen). Bill Walton is the franchise's most decorated player; he was the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player in 1977, and the regular season MVP the following year. Four Blazers' rookies (Geoff Petrie, Sidney Wicks, Brandon Roy and Damian Lillard) have won the NBA Rookie of the Year award. Three players have earned the Most Improved Player award: Kevin Duckworth (1988), Zach Randolph (2004), and CJ McCollum (2016). Two Hall of Fame coaches, Lenny Wilkens and Jack Ramsay, have patrolled the sidelines for the Blazers, and two others, Mike Schuler and Mike Dunleavy, have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award with the team.
Equator was an Interdisciplinary Research Collaboration (IRC) focused on experiences integrating physical and digital interactions, spanning six years and running over into the IPerG project. The collaboration concerned the launching of a number of "experiences", which were categorized.
Indian Jim's Cave is a historic archaeological site located near Halifax, Halifax County, Virginia.  "Indian Jim" is generally acknowledged as the last full-time tenant of the cave and it is believed that he is buried nearby.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The Canterbury Province was a province of New Zealand from 1853 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876. Its capital was Christchurch.
"The Unguarded Moment" is a song by Australian alternative rock band The Church, released in March 1981. It was the second single from their 1981 debut album, Of Skins and Heart. It was written by Steve Kilbey, the group's frontman, singer and bass guitarist; and Mikela Uniacke (a.k.a. Michelle Parker), who were married at the time.
The song reached No. 22 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart, and was the band's first radio hit. It peaked at No. 19 on the New Zealand Singles Chart. The single and the album were released on EMI Records then newly revived Parlophone label.Kilbey later said, "The song just doesn't appeal to me. It doesn't give me any pleasure at all. Maybe it was exciting for people who thought the country was going to be bogged down with The Human League and Buggles for the decade."In January 2018, as part of Triple M's "Ozzest 100", the 'most Australian' songs of all time, "The Unguarded Moment" was ranked number 57.
Wincentów [vinˈt͡sɛntuf] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Secemin, 10 km (6 mi) west of Włoszczowa, and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
Pravarasena (r. c. 275 – 335 CE) was the successor of Vindhyashakti, the founder of the Vakataka dynasty. He was the first and only Vakataka ruler to be called Samrāṭ, meaning emperor or universal ruler. It was probably under his reign that the Vakatakas were established as a major power in Central India and the Deccan, where they would continue to rule for almost two centuries after Pravarasena's death.
Wilson Junior High School is a historic junior high school located at Muncie, Delaware County, Indiana, United States. It was built in 1921, and is a three-story, "U"-shaped, Classical Revival style brick veneer building with a flat roof. Additions were made to the original building in 1927, 1954, and 1964. The building features ornamental brickwork.: 5 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
Dufftown distillery is a distiller of Scotch whisky in Dufftown, Banffshire, Scotland.
Founded in 1895 as "Dufftown-Glenlivet Distillery", the distillery is currently owned by Diageo. The distillery operates six stills and has a capacity of 4,000,000 litres (880,000 imperial gallons; 1,100,000 US gallons) per year. It has three wash stills with a capacity of 13,100 litres (2,900 imperial gallons; 3,500 US gallons) and three spirit stills with a capacity of 15,300 litres (3,400 imperial gallons; 4,000 US gallons).Its Speyside whisky is a component in Arthur Bell & Sons Ltd's blended bottlings.It also markets single malt scotch whiskies under the names Singleton of Dufftown and Dufftown Aged 15 Years.
Other active distilleries in Dufftown include Balvenie, Glendullan, Glenfiddich, Kininvie and Mortlach.
Kathryn Ann "Katie" Reider (May 23, 1978 – July 14, 2008) was an American singer-songwriter from Cincinnati, Ohio. Reider described her own music as "Folk/pop/rock fused together into some sort of 'genre-less' category." Reider released four albums, won five Cincinnati music awards and had her songs featured on television programming by ABC, Lifetime, and on the WB's Dawson's Creek before health problems emerged in 2006 that ultimately led to her death two years later. Shortly after her death, the New York Times stated that Reider was "a singer-songwriter with a huge following back home and a growing national fan base, who seemed on the cusp of much larger success when her life was destroyed by a rare tumor that ate into her jaw and face, stole her voice, left her blind in one eye and finally killed her (in July 2008) at the age of 30."
The Leontine Martyrs were a group of people who were killed after a long period of captivity in Persia. They were executed by the order of King Yazdegerd II in 455, five years after the insurrection led by Vartan Mamikonian. The group is named after Leontius of Vanand (In Armenian Սուրբ Ղևոնդ, pronounced "Surb Ghevond"), the most senior of the religious group.
Consequence (previously Consequence of Sound) is an independently owned New York-based online magazine featuring news, editorials, and reviews of music, movies, and television. In addition, the website also features the Festival Outlook micro-site, which serves as an online database for music festival news and rumors. In 2018, Consequence of Sound launched Consequence Podcast Network.
The website took its original name from the Regina Spektor song "Consequence of Sounds".
Once Around is an album released November 2, 2010 by The Autumn Defense. It is the band's fourth full-length release.
Stephen Herdoiza (born July 21, 1969) is an American former professional tennis player.
A native of Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, Herdoiza played collegiate tennis for Northwestern University from 1988 to 1991, earning All-Big 10 selection all four years. He won the Big 10 singles title in 1989, then in 1990 reached the quarter-finals of the NCAA championships and was named an All-American. In 1990 he was also a member of Northwestern's Big Ten championship winning team, playing beside future world number four Todd Martin.Herdoiza, who reached a best singles world ranking of 281, made his only ATP Tour main draw appearance as a qualifier at the 1995 Canadian Open, where he was beaten in the first round by Mark Philippoussis.
Carl August Ruehrmund (September 22, 1855 – October 25, 1927) was a German-born architect who worked briefly in Germany and then immigrated to the United States, establishing a successful practice and legacy in Richmond, Virginia.
Ruehrmund was born in Berlin, Germany and studied Architecture and Engineering at the Royal Academy in Berlin. He began his career working on German government projects before immigrating to the United States in 1881. Ruehrmund came to Richmond around 1882 to oversee the remodelling of the Central Post Office. He worked with Albert Lybrock in Richmond before Lybrock's death in 1896.Ruehrmund was the father of Max Ruehrmund and uncle of architect Carl Linder and developer Charles Phillips (developer). He and his firm produced a large number of residential, commercial, religious and public buildings. He married Rosa R. Heiss in 1883. Max Ernst Ruehrmund (1891–1948) joined the firm which became Ruehrmund & Son in 1917.
Louis Philippe Mathieu Carle (born September 30, 1987) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Montreal Canadiens. Carle was selected by the Canadiens in the second round, 53rd overall, of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Prior to turning professional, Carle played in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) with the Acadie–Bathurst Titan and Rouyn-Noranda Huskies.
"Patapan" (or "Pat-a-pan") is a French Christmas carol in Burgundian dialect, later adapted into English. It was written by Bernard de La Monnoye (1641–1728) and first published in Noël bourguignons in 1720. Its original title is "Guillô, Pran Ton Tamborin" ("Willie, Bring Your Little Drum" or "Willie, Take Your Little Drum").
The carol revolves around the birth of Jesus Christ, and is told from the perspective of shepherds playing simple instruments—flutes and drums—the onomatopoeic sound of which gives the song its name; "patapan" is meant to mimic the sound of the drum, and an accompanying lyric, "tu-re-lu-re-lu," the flute.  This is similar conceptually to the carol "The Little Drummer Boy", with its chorus of "pa-rum-pa-pum-pum."
Arthur Harley (9 October 1883 – 6 February 1950) was a British gymnast. He competed in the men's team all-around event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
The Basset Hound is a short-legged breed of dog in the hound family. The Basset is a scent hound that was originally bred for the purpose of hunting hare. Their sense of smell and ability to ground-scent is second only to the Bloodhound.Basset Hounds are one of six recognized "basset"-type breeds in France. The name Basset is derived from the French word bas, meaning 'low', with the attenuating suffix -et—together meaning 'rather low'. Basset Hounds are usually bicolours or tricolours of standard hound coloration.
Reginald (known as Rex) Armstrong OBE (6 December 1897, Newcastle upon Tyne – 17 February 1968, Morpeth) was a rugby union international  prop who represented England in one international during 1925.
Armstrong was educated at the Newcastle University Medical School. He played for Durham Medicals, Northumberland and the Barbarians. During World War II he served with the RAMC and was awarded the OBE in 1944.
In 1967 he became the first doctor to describe Foot-and-mouth disease in man in the UK.
Marie Anne Thérèse Ombline Desbassayns (3 July 1755 – 4 February 1846) was a French planter and slave trader on the French island of La Réunion.  She was one of the greatest slave planters of the island after she was widowed in 1800 and until death, and played a significant role in the economy and slave industry of the colony.  She became an important figure in the local folklore, and one of the most well-known figures of the history of the island.
Megaleptictis (meaning "large Leptictis") is an extinct genus of large insectivore mammal from Late Paleogene (latest Eocene (Chadronian NALMA), but may be earliest Oligocene (Orellan NALMA)) deposits of Custer County, South Dakota. It is known from the holotype KUVP 2568 a nearly complete skull including the mandibles. It was collected in an 1894 University of Kansas expedition from the tan siltstone of the White River Group. It was first named by Tj Meehan and Larry D. Martin in 2011 and the type species is Megaleptictis altidens.
Jerzy Józef Trela (born 14 March 1942) is a Polish actor. In 2003 he starred in the film An Ancient Tale: When the Sun Was a God under Jerzy Hoffman. He is also known for White (1994), Quo Vadis (2001) and Ida (2013).
Trela played also many roles  on stage at The Old Theatre in Kraków (Polish: Narodowy Stary Teatr im. Heleny Modrzejewskiej w Krakowie) and he was Professor and Rector at the Ludwik Solski Academy for the Dramatic Arts.
Whirlwind Glaciers (67°24′S 65°32′W) is a set of four prominent converging glaciers which flow into the west side of Whirlwind Inlet on the east coast of the Antarctic Peninsula. Discovered by Sir Hubert Wilkins on his flight of December 20, 1928, the glaciers were so named because their relative position was suggestive of the radial cylinders of his Wright Whirlwind engine. The Whirlwind Glaciers, comprising Flint, Demorest, Matthes, and Chamberlin Glaciers, were photographed from the air by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) in 1940; charted by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1948.
Formula Abarth was an open wheel racing series based in Italy and Europe aimed at karting graduates. The inaugural season was in 2010, effectively replacing the Formula Azzurra.
Abarth have taken over the supporting Project Youth initiative, that started in 2005.'After the success of 2010 season, in which competed international drivers and teams, a new European series has been created with a prize offered in collaboration with Ferrari Driver Academy.
In 2014, the Formula Abarth was replaced by the Italian Formula 4 Championship.
"In Our Lifetime" is a song by Scottish pop rock band Texas. The first single from their fifth studio album, The Hush (1999), it was released on 12 April 1999 in Europe and on 19 April 1999 in the United Kingdom. The song peaked at number four on the UK Singles Chart and became the band's second number one on the Scottish Singles Chart. The song was included on the soundtrack of the 1999 romantic comedy Notting Hill.
Warren L. Wood (February 5, 1910 – January 13, 1980) was an American businessman and legislator.
Born in Joliet, Illinois, Wood received his bachelor's degree from University of Illinois. He worked in the bank business and was a farmer in Plainfield, Illinois. Wood served in the United States Navy during World War II. From 1935 to 1945 and from 1947 to 1965, Wood served in the Illinois House of Representatives and was speaker of the house. He was a Republican. Wood died in Plainfield, Illinois.
Ronald Arthur Burroughs  (4 June 1917 – 24 May 1980) was a British diplomat who served as Her Majesty's Ambassador to Algeria between 1971 and 1973.  A letter he wrote to Sir James Craig in 1971 concerning The Spanish Ambassador’s Suitcase became the title of a book by Matthew Parris and Andrew Bryson on amusing unofficial letters of diplomacy.  In the book Parris states that in ‘diplomatic circles The Spanish Ambassador’s Suitcase despatch is by impute probably the greatest funny of them all’.
Conán O'Donnell (born 23 May 1996) is a rugby union player from Ireland. He plays as a prop. O'Donnell currently plays for New Zealand Mitre 10 Cup side Counties Manukau and Super Rugby side Highlanders.
O'Donnell Is affectionately known as ‘Cruiser Conan’ around the social scene of Mount Maunganui. The name stems from him surfing on a Vodka Cruiser sponsored board.
Bemetara district is a new district in the state of Chhattisgarh, India. 
The district was formally inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Raman Singh, on 13 January 2012. Shruti Singh, IAS became the first district collector. Bemetara has two administrative subdivisions, Bemetara and Saja.
Jimmy Sexton (b. August 22, 1963) is Co-Head of Football and Head of Coaching as a Sports Agent for Creative Artist Agency. He has been with the agency since 2011. Sexton is a 1982 graduate of Memphis's Evangelical Christian School and the University of Tennessee, class of 1986.He signed his first contract as a Sports Agent in 1984 with his client, Hall of Famer Reggie White, who was also his college dorm mate. White became the highest paid defensive professional football player at that time. In 1987, Sexton became one of the youngest agents ever to be licensed by the NFL Players association.Sexton is one of the few agents to represent both players and coaches. He represents some of the top NFL stars: Sam Darnold, Julio Jones, Laremy Tunsil, Derrick Henry, Philip Rivers, Daniel Jones, Jason Witten and Ndamukong Suh among others. He represents 11 of the 14 SEC head football coaches and 7 NFL head coaches.He was listed on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful Sports Agents in 2015, 2018, 2019 and 2020.
Miloslav Sádlo (June 6, 1897 in Prague, Austria-Hungary - October 30, 1961 in Prague, Czechoslovakia), was a violist and soloist in the Czech Philharmonic (Česká Filharmonie) where he was also executive and later orchestra director. Sádlo also played in the České Trio (Czech Trio), with Alexandr Plocek and Josef Páleníček, and in Micka Quartet, and was a member of the "Klub orchestrálních umělců" (Club of Orchestra Artists).
Abner Ronald Jenkins, also known as the Beetle, MACH-1, MACH-2, MACH-3,  MACH-IV, MACH-V, MACH-VII and  MACH-X, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He made his debut as the Beetle in Strange Tales #123 (August 1964) (where the character was created by writer Stan Lee artist Carl Burgos) and later first appeared as MACH-1 in Incredible Hulk #449 (January 1997) during the Thunderbolts' debut.
Jenkins started out as a gifted aircraft mechanic but grew frustrated with his boring, low-paying job and created an armor plated, mechanical suit and embarked on a criminal career as the "Beetle". On his first heist he was defeated by Human Torch and Thing from the Fantastic Four. He would later become a regular foe of Spider-Man, often as he worked as a henchman for various criminal organizations. Jenkins later organized his own group of criminals known as the Sinister Syndicate. When many costumed heroes seemingly died in a battle against Onslaught, Helmut Zemo recruited Jenkins and a number of other villains he had worked with in the past to form the Thunderbolts. All members adopted new costumed identities, posing as super heroes to gain access to the technology of the Fantastic Four or the Avengers, groups which had both seemingly perished. Jenkins became known as "Mach-1", using a modified version of his Beetle armor that was designed for faster flight and higher altitude. While the plan was originally to steal technology most of the members decided that they enjoyed the attention and adulation and decided to legitimately become heroes. Jenkins was convinced to give himself over to authorities to serve out an outstanding prison sentence in exchange for the Thunderbolts being granted immunity. During his time in jail Jenkins helped the authorities out, which led to him working for the government after his release from prison. He later began working at the Raft maximum security prison as head of security and worked with the Thunderbolts, who were now a team of criminals who tried to earn time off their sentence by carrying out missions for the government.
The 1998 United States Road Racing Championship season was the inaugural season of the revived United States Road Racing Championship run by the Sports Car Club of America (SCCA).  The season involved four classes: Can-Am prototypes and three Grand Touring classes referred to at GT1, GT2, and GT3.  Five races were run from January 31, 1998, to August 23, 1998.
Cory Wade Burns (born October 9, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent. He previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Diego Padres, and Texas Rangers and Lancaster Barnstormers of the independent Atlantic League of Professional Baseball.
Garyn Phillips is a Welsh rugby union player, currently playing for Pro14 side Ospreys. His preferred position is prop.
Ariel Zeitoun (born 26 September 1949) is a French director, producer, and screenwriter. 
Zeitoun started as a producer in 1979 with L'école est finie. Later, he wrote the script for and directed Souvenirs, souvenirs.
In 2013 Zeitoun directed the historical drama Angélique, loosely based on the book of "Angélique, the Marquise of the Angels" by Anne Golon, which earned him international recognition by the critics and the public alike.
Jim Dale  (born James Smith; 15 August 1935) is an English actor, composer, director, narrator, singer and songwriter. In the United Kingdom he is known as a pop singer of the 1950s who became a leading actor at the National Theatre. In the British film world he became one of the regulars in the Carry On films. He is the most prolific surviving cast member from the series, and one of only a few regulars overall – the others being Leslie Phillips, Bernard Cribbins, Valerie Leon, Kenneth Cope, Julian Holloway, Hugh Futcher, Anita Harris, Amanda Barrie and Patricia Franklin. 
In the United States he is most recognised as a leading actor on Broadway, where he had roles in Scapino, Barnum, Candide and Me and My Girl, as well as for narrating all seven of the Harry Potter audiobooks in the American market (for which he received two Grammy Awards out of six nominations) and the ABC series Pushing Daisies (2007–2009); he also starred in the Disney film Pete's Dragon (1977). He was nominated for a BAFTA Award for portraying a young Spike Milligan in Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall (1973).
As a lyricist, Dale was nominated for both an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for the song "Georgy Girl", the theme for the 1966 film of the same name.
The golden-crowned manakin (Lepidothrix vilasboasi) is a small species of perching bird in the manakin family (Pipridae). It is endemic to the south-central Amazon Rainforest in Brazil, and it is threatened by habitat loss.
Porcine epidemic diarrhea is a condition caused by the porcine epidemic diarrhea virus that leads to severe gastrointestinal disease in pigs.
It is closely related to the agent responsible for transmissible gastroenteritis in pigs. Piglets are most susceptible to the disease, as are young adults during periods of stress. Transmission is via the fecal-oral route.
On September 15, 2013, elections were held for all 249 seats in the General Synod of the Church of Sweden.
P. Emilio Fiaschi (1858 – 1941) was an Italian sculptor. He was presumed to have been from Volterra. From 1883 to 1885, he studied at Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze and spent most of his career in Florence, Italy.  He was skilled in sculpting both marble and alabaster and most often produced female nudes, usually smaller than life-size figures.  His female nudes featured highly polished skin and emphasized the curves of hips and waistlines.
A partial list of his works include Le Printemps (marble on black marble pedestal, c.1900-1910) which sold for $25,000 at Christie's in New York on April 13, 2017, Beatrice (marble), Courting Boy and Girl (white marble), Female nude partially draped (marble), A Good Book (marble), Reclining Beauty and Admirer (alabaster), Seated Maiden (Carved alabaster and marble), Standing Semi-Nude (marble), A Young Girl (alabaster), The Sleep (marble, in Montevideo). He died in 1941.
Jan Arvid Johansen (18 June 1947, in Havøysund – 7 October 2017) was a Norwegian musician. He was a graduate of the Nordnorsk Musikkonservatorium (1976–79).Johansen recorded with such groups as Erter, Kjøtt og Flesk (1973) and Nordnorsk Visegruppe (1975–1980) and he worked at the Hålogaland Teater (1979–1981) and with the performing group Tramteateret (1985). He worked with the lyricist Helge Stangnes, and such artists as Sverre Kjelsberg, Trygve Henrik Hoff, and Tove Karoline Knutsen, played Irish music in the group "Rebels", been a part of Forente Artister's "Sammen for Livet" (1985) and "Visehjelp til Nordvest-Russland" (1998). He established and released many records with the group Boknakaran.His solo album, Tonen & Kjærligheten, was released in 2005; the song  "Tirilltungetid" reached number one on the Norsktoppen.
Aq Qabr (Persian: اق قبر, also Romanized as Āq Qabr) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 639, in 128 families.
Kumho Asiana Group is a large South Korean Chaebol (conglomerate), with subsidiaries in the construction, leisure, and logistics industries. The group is headquartered at the Kumho Asiana Main Tower in Sinmunno 1-ga, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea. As of 2014, the largest shareholder is Park Sam-koo, the third son of the company's founder, who stepped down as CEO in 2010.
Daniel Healy is a Scottish singer-songwriter and actor. He was a member of Glasgow-based jazz/pop trio Eoscene. In 2013, as a solo artist, he supported Lawson on their UK tour.Healy has collaborated with Ronan Keating and co-wrote six songs which feature on Keating's tenth studio album, Time Of My Life, which was released on 12 February 2016. Keating and Healy met when they were both cast members in the West End Musical Once He also co-wrote 2 songs on Keating's album Twenty Twenty
Healy played Paul McCartney in Iain Softley's theatre production of Backbeat which had its World premiere at Citizen's Theatre Glasgow on 9 February 2010. The play transferred to the West End for six months in 2011–12 at the Duke of York's Theatre before relocating to Toronto at the Royal Alexandra Theatre in 2012 and then to Los Angeles at the Ahmanson Theatre in 2013.
Healys other theatre credits include: 'Eamon' in the West End production of Once and the title role in Peter Pan at the King's Theatre, Edinburgh. Continuing the Beatles theme, Healy played the young John Lennon in Bob Eaton's Lennon at the Royal Court Theatre, Liverpool.Television credits include: River City (BBC); Daddy’s Girl (BBC); Taggart (Scottish Television); Wedding Belles (Channel 4); The Karen Dunbar Show (Comedy Unit/BBC); Chewin' The Fat (Comedy Unit/BBC).Healy also runs an internet comedy group called The Bad News Crew. and in 2013 won the ‘Best Online Content Award’ at the Lovie Awards presented by Stephen Fry.He recently played "Guy" in the regional premier of Once at the New Wolsey Theatre and Queen's Theatre, Hornchurch and in the first UK tour of Once the Musical
Jean Pond Miner Coburn (1866–1967) was born in Menasha, Wisconsin. She studied at the Art Institute of Chicago, and is most notable for her work Forward.
Carmen A. Piccone (August 19, 1929 – July 10, 2005) was an American football coach.  He served as the head football coach at Southern Illinois University Carbondale from 1959 to 1963 and at Trenton State College—now known as The College of New Jersey—from 1975 to 1976, compiling a career college football coaching record of 36–28–1.
The 2019 Duke Blue Devils football team represented Duke University in the 2019 NCAA Division I FBS football season s a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) in the Coastal Division. The team was led by head coach David Cutcliffe, in his 12th year, and played its home games at Wallace Wade Stadium in Durham, North Carolina. They finished the season 5–7 overall and 3–5 in ACC play to place sixth in the Coastal Division.
Filip Kinček (born 24 August 1991) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for ŠKF Sereď, on loan from FC Nitra.
Gondaman (Persian: گندمان, also Romanized as Gondamān and Gandomān) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 134, in 25 families.
Francis Arthur Garrecht (September 11, 1870 – August 11, 1948) was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Bård Breien (born 28 November 1971) is a Norwegian film director.
The Sellwood Bridge is a deck arch bridge that spans the Willamette River in Portland, Oregon, in the United States. The current bridge opened in 2016 and replaced a 1925 span that had carried the same name. The original bridge was Portland's first fixed-span bridge and, being the only river crossing for miles in each direction, the busiest two-lane bridge in Oregon. The Sellwood Bridge links the Sellwood and Westmoreland neighborhoods of Portland on the east side with Oregon Route 43/Macadam Avenue on the west side. At its east end it leads to Tacoma Street. The bridge is owned and operated by Multnomah County. The original span of 1925 was a steel truss bridge, while its 2016 replacement is a deck-arch-type bridge.
The FIBT World Championships 1974 took place in St. Moritz, Switzerland for the record twelfth time. The Swiss city had hosted the event previously in 1931 (Four-man), 1935 (Four-man), 1937 (Four-man), 1938 (Two-man), 1939 (Two-man), 1947, 1955, 1957, 1959, 1965, and 1970.
Alexander Tille (April 30, 1866 in Lauenstein – December 16, 1912 in Saarbrücken) was a German philosopher. He published the first English translation of Friedrich Nietzsche's Also sprach Zarathustra in 1896. Tille strongly supported eugenics and Social Darwinism. He claimed Christian ethics, democracy, equality, humanism and socialism were only the delusions held by the weak. Tille felt slums were good, since they could help purge society of the "unfit". He also thought disabled and mentally ill people should be left to starve, with food only given to the "fit".
Kenneth Roy Thomson, 2nd Baron Thomson of Fleet (September 1, 1923 – June 12, 2006), known in Canada as Ken Thomson, was a Canadian/British  businessman and art collector. At the time of his death, he was listed by Forbes as the richest person in Canada and the ninth richest person in the world, with a net worth of approximately US $19.6 billion.
The Siege of Arcot (23 September – 14 November 1751) took place at Arcot, India between forces of the British East India Company led by Robert Clive and forces of Nawab of the Carnatic, Chanda Sahib, assisted by a small number of troops from the French East India Company. It was part of the Second Carnatic War.
The 1998 Jordan League was a season of Jordan Premier League, the top-flight league for Jordanian association football clubs.  The season was abandoned before completion, and therefore no teams were relegated. A total of 10 teams participated.
Jacques Frémin (12 March 1628, Reims – 21 July 1691, Quebec) was a French Jesuit missionary to New France (Canada).
The 2019 Louisville Cardinals baseball team represents the University of Louisville during the 2019 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Cardinals play their home games at Jim Patterson Stadium as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference. They are led by head coach Dan McDonnell, in his thirteenth year at Louisville.
Edward John Lewis (5 December 1859 – 8 June 1925) was a Welsh medical doctor and international rugby union half-back who played club rugby for Llandovery College and international rugby for Wales. He won just a single game for Wales when he was selected for the first Welsh rugby international.
Jessie Montgomery (born December 8, 1981, New York City) is an American composer, chamber musician, and music educator. Her compositions focus on the vernacular, improvisation, language, and social justice.
The Tiger Murder Case (German: Der Tiger) is a 1930 German mystery film directed by Johannes Meyer and starring Charlotte Susa, Harry Frank and Hertha von Walther. A mysterious killer nicknamed The Tiger is on the loose, leading to frantic attempts to identify them.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Willi Herrmann.
HMS Benbow was the third of four  Iron Duke-class battleships of the Royal Navy, the third ship to be named in honour of Admiral John Benbow. Ordered in the 1911 building programme, the ship was laid down at the William Beardmore and Company shipyard in May 1912, was launched in November 1913, and was completed in October 1914, shortly after the outbreak of the First World War. The four Iron Dukes were very similar to the preceding  King George V class, with an improved secondary battery. She was armed with a main battery of ten 13.5-inch (343 mm) guns and twelve 6 in (152 mm) secondary guns. The ship was capable of a top speed of 21.25 knots (39.36 km/h; 24.45 mph), and had a 12-inch (305 mm) thick armoured belt.
Benbow served in the Grand Fleet as the flagship of the 4th Battle Squadron during the war. She was present during the largest naval action of the war, the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916, though she was not heavily engaged. She sortied twice more, in August 1916 and April 1918 in attempts to catch the German High Seas Fleet in another major battle, but neither produced any significant action. After the end of the war in 1918, Benbow and the rest of the 4th Squadron were reassigned to the Mediterranean Fleet. There, she took part in operations in the Black Sea in support of White Russians in the Russian Civil War until mid-1920, when the Mediterranean Fleet began supporting Greek forces during the Greco-Turkish War. In 1926, Benbow was reassigned to the Atlantic Fleet. She was decommissioned in 1929, placed on the sale list in September 1930, and sold for scrap the following year.
Oreodera kawensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Neouze and Tavakilian in 2010.
The American Bankruptcy Law Journal is a peer-reviewed law review focusing on bankruptcy issues. It is published by the National Conference of Bankruptcy Judges.
Ian Murray Wanless (born 7 December 1969 in Canberra, Australia) is a professor in the School of Mathematics at Monash University in Melbourne, Australia. His research area is combinatorics, principally Latin squares, graph theory and matrix permanents.
Wanless received a Ph.D. in mathematics from the Australian National University in 1998. His thesis "Permanents, matchings and Latin rectangles" was supervised by Brendan McKay. He held a postdoctoral research position at Melbourne University (1998–1999), before becoming a junior research fellow at Christ Church, Oxford (1999–2003).  He then had a research position at Australian National University (2003–2004) before spending 2005 as a senior lecturer at Charles Darwin University. Since 2006 he has been at Monash University, where he was promoted to professor in 2014.He has been awarded distinguished fellowships from the Australian Research Council including a QEII fellowship (2006–2010) and a Future Fellowship (2011–2014). The Institute of Combinatorics and its Applications awarded him its Kirkman Medal in 2002 and its Hall Medal in 2008. The Australian Institute of Policy and Science awarded him a Victorian Young Tall Poppy Award in 2008. The Australian Mathematical Society awarded him its medal in 2009.Wanless is a life member of the Combinatorial Mathematics Society of Australasia (CMSA). He has served two terms as the CMSA's President (2007–09 and 2014). He is an editor in chief of the Electronic Journal of Combinatorics and is on the editorial board of several other journals including the Journal of Combinatorial Designs.
Wanless represented Australia at the International Mathematical Olympiad in Cuba in 1987.Wanless is the coauthor (with Colbourn and Dinitz) of the chapter on Latin squares in the CRC Handbook of Combinatorial Designs and the author of the chapter on matrix permanents in the CRC Handbook of Linear Algebra.Wanless has presented two historico-mathematical-comedic stories at Laborastory, one on his hero (Leonhard Euler) and one on his antihero (Eliyahu Rips).
The Chichibu Railway 500 series (秩父鉄道500系) was an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type for local services on the Chichibu Main Line operated by the Chichibu Railway in Japan between 1962 and 1992.
Robert Manwaring was an English 18th-century furniture designer and cabinet maker. The dates of his birth and death are unknown.
The 11th Mirchi Music Awards, presented by Indian FM radio station Radio Mirchi, honoured the best music professionals of Hindi language Indian films of 2018. The ceremony was held at the Dome at the National Sports Club of India, Mumbai on 16 February 2019 and was hosted by Indian singer and actor Sonu Nigam. The event included live music performances by Badshah, Neha Kakkar, Meet Bros, Jonita Gandhi, Arko, Papon, Shivam Pathak, and Ashmik Patil, the winner of the Smule Mirchi Cover Star. A new award category, "Recreated Song of the Year," was introduced to recognize the many ‘re-creations’ released in 2018. Padmaavat won several awards including Album of the Year and Song of the Year for "Ghoomar." The show was broadcast on 17 March 2019 on Zee TV.
Bursa quirihorai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae, the frog shells.
Francisco Eugenio Provvidente (first name also spelled Francesco) (born February 1, 1914 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine professional football player. He also held Italian citizenship.
He played for 2 seasons (21 games, 5 goals) in the Serie A for A.S. Roma.
Raquel Ilombé, pseudonym of Raquel del Pozo Epita (1938–1992), was an Equatoguinean poet and author, who wrote in Spanish.
The Royal Signals Museum is a military museum based at Blandford Camp in the civil parish of Tarrant Monkton, northwest of the town of Blandford Forum in Dorset, England.
Li Zhengji, or Yi Jeong-gi was a general of Tang China, originally of Goguryeo descent.
Peltochares is a genus of water scavenger beetles in the family Hydrophilidae represented by eight described species.  It is distributed across the Afrotropical, Australasian, Indo-Malayan, and Palaearctic realms.
Italian American Motor Engineering (IAME) is an Italian company founded in 1968. It is the parent company of the "Parilla", "Komet" and "Sirio" brand names and is the largest kart engines manufacturer. Its factory is located in the province of Bergamo, Italy, near the city of Milan.
The company has won 25 Karting World Championships.The manufacturer won the European Formula A championship in 2000 with Lewis Hamilton, in 2001 with Carlo Van Dam and in 2004 with Nick De Bruijn.2005 and 2006 Formula One World Champion, Fernando Alonso, won the karting Junior World Cup in 1996 with a Parilla engine made by IAME.In 2011, F1 GP winner Max Verstappen won the WSK Euro Series in an Parilla-powered CRG.
The New York Blood Center (NYBC) is a community, nonprofit blood bank based in New York City. Established in 1964 by Dr. Aaron Kellner, NYBC supplies blood to approximately 200 hospitals in the Northeast United States. NYBC and its operating divisions also provide transfusion-related medical services to over 500 hospitals nationally.
NYBC, along with its operating divisions Community Blood Center of Kansas City, Missouri (CBC), Innovative Blood Resources (IBR), Blood Bank of Delmarva (BBD), and Rhode Island Blood Center (RIBC), collect approximately 4,000 units of blood products each day and serve local communities of more than 75 million people in the Tri-State area (NY, NJ, CT), Mid Atlantic area (PA, DE, MD, VA), Missouri and Kansas, Minnesota, Nebraska, Rhode Island, and Southern New England. 
In addition to serving the New York City metropolitan area, New Jersey, Connecticut and Pennsylvania, in May 2014, NYBC merged its operations with Community Blood Center of Greater Kansas City (CBC). In February 2016, NYBC and CBC announced the creation of the Kansas City-based National Center for Blood Group Genomics, a new laboratory that will focus on precision testing of blood donor samples.NYBC maintains close relationships with both New York City's Police Department (NYPD) and Fire Department (FDNY). Among NYBC's largest donor groups is the NYPD, which donated more than 11,000 pints of blood through November 2015. At the same time, the FDNY participates with NYBC in the "Be The Match Program" operated by the National Marrow Donor Program (NMDP). More than 8,000 FDNY members are on the potential donor list, and 179 members have already given this life saving gift to those in need. FDNY members represent more than 10% of all NYBC bone marrow donors. Each year, at an annual induction ceremony hosted by FDNY and NYBC at FDNY headquarters, donors and their recipients meet for the first time. In 2016, Firefighter Mike Wilson was introduced to a recipient from Erie, Pennsylvania, who received his lifesaving bone marrow to treat her acute myeloid leukemia (AML), while Firefighter Frank Perdue met a recipient  diagnosed with essential thrombocythemia, a rare chronic blood disorder. In 2015, firefighter Michael McCauley of Staten Island met his recipient, a United States Marine Sergeant who saw combat in Iraq, and who was subsequently diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Through FDNY’s participation in NYBC’s program, McCauley’s bone marrow is credited with saving the recipient's life.NYBC houses Lindsley F. Kimball Research Institute and the Howard P. Milstein National Cord Blood Center, a public cord blood bank named after board member Howard Milstein. The National Cord Blood Program (NCBP), directed by Dr. Pablo Rubinstein, is the oldest and largest in the world. In August 2015, the NCBP announced a new collaboration with the University of California, Davis Health System to manufacture specialized lines of highly adaptable stem cells for potential new therapies for diseases that include anemia, leukemia, lymphoma, sickle cell disease and severe combined immunodeficiency.The Lindsley F. Kimball Research Institute (LFKRI) has been awarded grants to conduct research in such areas as epidemiology and the development of HIV self-testing interventions, cellular therapy and transfusion medicine, in vitro platelet production, blood genomics, immunology, the development of infectious disease screening techniques and preventions for diseases like severe acute respiratory syndrome, Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C.
This is presenting a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for North Zone in first-class, List A or Twenty20 matches since the team was formed ahead of the 2012–13 season for the first Bangladesh Cricket League (BCL) competition. North Zone is a composite regional team which combines two divisional teams, Rajshahi and Rangpur. Complying with other team lists, details are the player's name followed by his years active as an North Zone player, current players to the end of the 2015–16 season.
Ivan Vladimirovich Tsvetaev (Russian: Ива́н Влади́мирович Цвета́ев; 16 May 1847, Shuya, Ivanovo Oblast – 12 September 1913, Moscow) was a Russian art historian, archaeologist and Classical philologist.
The Crawley and District Football League was a football competition in England. In its final season, it had three divisions, headed by the Premier Division, with Divisions One and Two below. The league members could apply for promotion to the Combined Counties League or the Sussex County Football League.  After the 2005-06 season, South Park made the jump into the CCL.  The Crawley & District League Premier Division sat at step 7 (or level 11) of the National League System. 2008-09 Champions Bletchingley transferred to the Surrey Elite Intermediate League in 2009-10. In 2009-10 Merstham Newton went the entire league season unbeaten to become Premier Division Champions for the second time in five years.
At the end of the 2009-10 season, the league disbanded and its member clubs joined the Mid-Sussex League or the West Sussex League.
Shout God's Fame is the first live album of contemporary worship music from Hillsong London.
The Musquaro Lake is located in the unorganized territory of Petit-Mécatina, Quebec, in the Regional County Municipality (MRC) Le Golfe-du-Saint-Laurent Regional County Municipality, in the administrative area of the Côte-Nord (North-Shore), in Quebec, in Canada.
Jefrey Payeras (born October 16, 1993) is an American-born Guatemalan soccer player who plays as a defender for Liga Nacional club Cobán Imperial.
In August 2016, Payeras made his debut for Guatemala in a friendly 0–0 tie against Panama.
Natalia Medvedeva and Natasha Zvereva defeated Kim Il-soon and Paulette Moreno in the final, 6–2, 5–7, 6–0 to win the Girls' Doubles tennis title at the 1987 Wimbledon Championships.
The women's Over 70 kg (+154 lbs) Semi-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Coimbra was the heaviest of the female Light-Contact tournaments being the equivalent of the super heavyweight division when compared to Full-Contact's weight classes. There were eight women from two continents (Europe and North America) taking part in the competition.  Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Semi-Contact rules.
The tournament gold medal went to Hungary's Anna Kondar who defeated Ireland's Natalie Cassidy in the final by points decision.  Defeated semi finalists Russia's Oxana Kinakh (who had won gold in the Light-Contact category in Belgrade earlier that year) and Great Britain's Rosemarie James won bronze medals for their efforts in reaching the semi finals.
"Spell My Name with an S" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the January 1958 (and only) issue of Star Science Fiction under the title "S as in Zebatinsky", and was reprinted in the 1959 collection Nine Tomorrows under Asimov's original title. The story was inspired by Asimov's frustration with the frequent misspelling of his name as "Azimov".
Ting Chew Peh (simplified Chinese: 陈祖排; traditional Chinese: 陳袓排; pinyin: Chén Zhǔpái; born 1943) is a Malaysian politician from the Malaysian Chinese Association (MCA), a component party of the Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition. He was the former Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Gopeng constituency in Perak for five terms from 1987 to 2008. At the grassroots level, he was known for being the MCA former secretary-general for fifteen years from 1990 to 2005.
He is also the Chairman of University Council for Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman (UTAR) in Malaysia.
The Raw & the Cooked is the second and final studio album by British rock band Fine Young Cannibals, released in 1989. The title of the album was lifted from the book of the same name ("Le Cru et le Cuit" in French) by French anthropologist Claude Lévi-Strauss. Four songs from the album first appeared in film soundtracks in the mid-1980s, three of which were soul tracks from the Tin Men film. The band had already recorded over half of the album by the time David Z came to produce the remainder. His work with the band, which resulted in dance-rock material, included studio experimentation.
The album is considered to be an eclectic, varied album, taking influences from numerous genres including Motown soul, rock, funk, British beat and pop. Released in 1988–1989 on I.R.S. Records, The Raw & the Cooked was a major commercial success, selling over three million copies. Numerous singles were released from the album, including the two US number one singles "She Drives Me Crazy" and "Good Thing". The album was also critically acclaimed and Jo-Ann Greene of AllMusic called the album a masterpiece and one of the 1980s' most exciting albums. A remixed version of the album entitled The Raw & the Remix was released in 1990.
Duke of the Infantado (Spanish: Duque del Infantado) is a Spanish peerage title that was granted to Diego Hurtado de Mendoza y Figueroa, son of Íñigo López de Mendoza, 1st Marquis of Santillana, by the Catholic Monarchs, Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile, on 22 July 1475. 
The Dukes of the Infantado remained an important family throughout Spanish history.
The family counts seven knights in the Order of the Golden Fleece and one Prime Minister of Spain (the 13th Duke).
Diego Hurtado de Mendoza built the New Castle of Manzanares el Real. Later the seat of the Dukes of the Infantado moved to the Palacio del Infantado in Guadalajara.
The men's 400 m surface competition in finswimming at the 2001 World Games took place on 24 August 2001 at the Akita Prefectural Pool in Akita, Japan.
Bobby Braumiller was a German bobsledder who competed in the late 1930s. He won a silver medal in the four-man event at the 1938 FIBT World Championships at Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
Radisson (titled Tomahawk in American markets) is a Canadian adventure television series which aired on CBC Television and Radio-Canada from 1957 to 1958.
Finlaggan (NR 388 680, Scottish Gaelic: Port an Eilein) is a historic site on Eilean Mòr in Loch Finlaggan. The Loch, the island, and Finlaggan Castle lie on Islay, around two kilometres (1+1⁄4 miles) to the northwest of Ballygrant.
The Strategic Air Command of the United States Air Force, and its successor body the Air Force Global Strike Command, operate or formerly operated many air bases both in the  State and in other states.
Binsoe is a hamlet in the civil parish of West Tanfield, North Yorkshire, England. The hamlet is just to the north of the A6108 road, being 1.25 miles (2 km) north west of West Tanfield, and 2 miles (3.2 km) south east of Masham. During the First World War, a field to the east of the hamlet was used as a landing ground for the Royal Flying Corps (later, the Royal Air Force).
The One Tree is a fantasy novel by American  writer Stephen R. Donaldson, the second book of the second trilogy of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant series. It is followed by White Gold Wielder.  This book differs from the others in the First and Second Chronicles, in that the story takes place outside of the Land, although still in the same world.
Uti possidetis juris or uti possidetis iuris (Latin for "as you possess under law") is a principle of international law which provides that newly-formed sovereign states should retain the internal borders that their preceding dependent area had before their independence.
The Night of the Grizzly is a 1966 Western film starring Clint Walker, Martha Hyer, Keenan Wynn, Jack Elam and Nancy Kulp. Directed by Joseph Pevney and written by Warren Douglas, the film was released by Paramount Pictures on April 20, 1966. It was Pevney's final film.
The film's plot centers around Marshall "Big Jim" Cole (Clint Walker), who inherits land in Wyoming and trades his dangerous lawman's life for the life of a rancher. But he barely gets his family settled when new dangers plague them – a treacherous grizzly bear is on a murderous rampage; angry neighbors covet Cole's property, and an outlaw he once sent to prison seeks revenge.
The film contains beautiful scenery from Holcomb Valley, Big Bear Lake, California, United States and Big Bear Valley, San Bernardino National Forest, California, United States.
Virginia Mazarro (born November 2, 1942), known professionally as Ginny Arnell, is an American former pop and country music singer and songwriter who recorded in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
The War of the Jewels (1994) is the 11th volume of Christopher Tolkien's series The History of Middle-earth, analysing the unpublished manuscripts of his father J. R. R. Tolkien. It is the second of two volumes—Morgoth's Ring being the first—to explore the later 1951 Silmarillion drafts (those written after the completion of The Lord of the Rings).
Richard Bulkeley (died 5 March 1640) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons  between 1626 and 1629.
Bulkeley was the eldest son of Sir Richard Bulkeley of Baron Hill, Llanfaes, Anglesey. He was admitted to Gray's Inn on 23 October 1616. He succeeded to his grandfather's estates in 1621.
He served as Justice of the Peace for Anglesey and Caernarvonshire from 1626 to his death and was appointed High Sheriff of Anglesey for 1638–39. He was a Sewer extraordinary of the royal chamber from 1629 to his death.
In 1626, Bulkeley was elected Member of Parliament for Anglesey.  He was re-elected MP for Anglesey in 1628 and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years.Bulkeley died without issue at Carnarvon in 1640. His estates passed to his uncle Thomas Bulkeley.
Shinkailepas briandi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phenacolepadidae.
Callistopteris bauerianum, known as the large filmy fern and Bauer's bristle fern, is a fern in the family Hymenophyllaceae. The specific epithet honours the Austrian botanical artist, Frederick Lucas Bauer (1760–1826), who collected plants on Norfolk Island in 1804–1805.
The following is a list of episodes of Richard the Lionheart, a family television show based loosely on the life of Richard I which aired between 1962 and 1963.
Land reform is an important political and economic topic in Namibia. It consists of two different strategies: resettlement, and transfer of commercially viable agricultural land. Resettlement is aimed at improving the lives of displaced or dispossessed previously disadvantaged Namibians. Farms obtained by government for resettlement purposes are usually split into several sections, and dozens of families are being resettled on what had previously been one farm. Transfer of commercial agricultural land is not directly conducted by government. Would-be farmers with a previously disadvantaged background obtain farms privately or through affirmative action loans. In both cases, the "Willing buyer, willing seller" principle applies.
Namibia contains about 4,000 commercial farms. Almost 1000 of them have been obtained by previously disadvantaged Namibians since independence, some by means of private transactions, and some through government-facilitated loans. Until 2020, a further 15 Mio hectares of commercial agricultural land are to be transferred to blacks, a third of this area for resettlement purposes, two thirds for agriculture.
Elizabeth Gaines is an Australian businessperson who serves as chief executive officer (CEO) of iron ore company Fortescue Metals Group. She is the company's first female CEO.
The Immaculate Conception is a doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church that states that the Virgin Mary was free of original sin from the moment of her conception.First debated by medieval theologians, it proved so controversial that it did not become part of official Catholic teaching until 1854, when Pius IX gave it the status of dogma in the papal bull Ineffabilis Deus.The Roman Missal and the Roman Rite Liturgy of the Hours includes references to Mary's immaculate conception in the feast of the Immaculate Conception. The Immaculate Conception became a popular subject in literature, but its abstract nature meant it was late in appearing as a subject in art. The iconography of the Virgin of the Immaculate Conception shows her standing, with arms outstretched or hands clasped in prayer. Her feast day is 8 December.Protestants rejected the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception as without foundation in the Bible, and Patriarch Anthimus VII of Constantinople characterized the dogma of the Immaculate Conception as "Roman novelt[y]".
Ventucopa is an unincorporated community in the southeastern Cuyama Valley, within eastern Santa Barbara County, California.  Ventucopa has a population of 92 people and is located an elevation of 2,896 ft. It is an agricultural area situated near the Cuyama River. It is located near the intersection of four counties: Santa Barbara, Ventura, San Luis Obispo and Kern. Ventucopa borders Los Padres National Forest to the east, south and west. When the town was registering a postal office in 1926, local resident Dean Parady came up with Ventucopa, as the community lies between Maricopa and Ventura County.The ZIP Code is 93252, and the community is inside area code 661.
The following is a very incomplete list of engravings by the German painter and engraver Albrecht Dürer.
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj College of Engineering (SSGMCE) is an engineering college at Shegaon in Buldhana District in Maharashtra in India. It is affiliated to Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University, at Amravati. SSGMCE was established on 23 August 1983 by Shri Gajanan Shikshan Sanstha, Shegaon. It is run by Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Temple Trust. The college grants Bachelor's & Master's degree in Engineering (BE & ME) in Mechanical, Electrical, Electronics & Telecommunications, Computer Engineering & Information Technology. It also offers programs of Masters in Business Administration (MBA). It had a total enrollment of around 1,600 students in the academic year of 2017-2018.
Allainville (French pronunciation: ​[alɛ̃vil]) is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
Aghyar is a village in the West Azarbaijan Province of Iran.
New Writings in SF 12 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell, the twelfth volume in a series of thirty, of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1968, followed by a paperback edition by Corgi the same year.
The book collects six novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors, with a foreword by Carnell. The second and fourth stories were later reprinted in the American edition of New Writings in SF 8. The fifth story was later reprinted in the American edition of New Writings in SF 9.
Steven Guttman is an American real estate developer and art collector. Guttman served as chairman and CEO of Federal Realty Investment Trust and led the company as CEO from 1980 until his departure in early 2003. Guttman founded Storage Deluxe when he began investing in self-storage in 1998. He also founded Uovo Fine Art Storage in 2013.
Guttman joined the American Friends of the Centre Pompidou Foundation in 2007, becoming chairman of the organization in 2012. In 2016, Guttman was named a Chevalier of the Legion of Honour by the French Government for his work with the foundation.
Don Bies (born December 10, 1937) is an American professional golfer who has won tournaments on the PGA Tour, the Senior PGA Tour (now known as the Champions Tour), and in the Pacific Northwest Section of the PGA of America.
Born in Cottonwood, Idaho, Bies attended Ballard High School in Seattle, Washington, and turned pro in 1957. His only PGA Tour win came at the 1975 Sammy Davis Jr.-Greater Hartford Open. His best finish in a major was a T-5 at the 1968 U.S. Open that was played at Oak Hill Country Club in Rochester, New York. Bies is a three-time winner of the Washington Open (stroke play) and a six-time winner of the Washington State Match Play Championship and has won a host of other events in the Pacific Northwest. He left the PGA Tour in 1980 in order to devote full-time to his restaurant he had opened just outside Seattle.After turning 50 at the end of 1987, Bies joined the Senior PGA Tour, where his fortunes improved dramatically for winning tournaments. He has won numerous events both on the regular Senior PGA Tour and in non-Tour senior events. These wins include a senior major championship – The Tradition at Desert Mountain in 1989.Bies was elected a member of the Pacific Northwest PGA Hall of Fame in 1994.
Stephen Faulder Lawson (born 11 December 1957) is a former speedway rider from England.
Joseph Bonner, also commonly known by the nickname Spanner Banner, is a Jamaican reggae and dancehall musician.
Salama is Okay or Salama is Safe (and sometimes Everything Is Fine) (Arabic: سلامة في خير, translit. Salama fi Khayr) is a film created in 1937. The film is a comedy by the inexhaustible Egyptian director Naizi Mostafa (74 films to his name), written by, and starring, the famous actor, Naguib el-Rihani. Salama is Okay is a member in the Top 100 Egyptian films list.
The 2013 Asian Airgun Championships along with 25 m and 50 m Rifle and Pistol were held at Azadi Sport Complex, Tehran, Iran between 18 and 26 October, 2013.
The Teesside oil terminal is a major crude oil reception, processing, storage and export facility at Seal Sands, Middlesbrough. It receives and processes crude oil delivered by the subsea NORPIPE pipeline from the Norwegian Ekofisk field and the UK Fulmar and J-Block fields. The terminal includes facilities for exporting stabilised crude oil and liquefied petroleum gases (LPG) by tanker and pipeline.
A diffractometer is a measuring instrument for analyzing the structure of a material from the scattering pattern produced when a beam of radiation or particles (such as X-rays or neutrons) interacts with it.
The 2013 Women's European Individual Closed Championships is the women's edition of the 2013 European Squash Individual Championships, which serves as the individual European championship for squash players. The event took place in Herentals in Belgium from 4 to 7 September 2013. Camille Serme won her second European Individual Championships title, defeating Natalie Grinham in the final.
Mohammad Hashemi Rafsanjani (Persian: محمد هاشمی رفسنجانی) (born 29 August 1942) is an Iranian politician who was a member of the Expediency Discernment Council from 1997 to 2012. He served as vice president in charge of executive affairs during the presidency of his older brother, Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, and later under the first cabinet of President Mohammad Khatami. He was also the head of Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting for 12 and half years, and replaced by Ali Larijani in the post. Mohammad Hashemi is an alumnus of UC Berkeley. After the death of his brother in 2017, Mohammad Hashemi Rafsanjani, launched a presidential campaign. But, it was not approved by the Guardian Council.
This is a list of seasons completed by the Penn State Nittany Lions men's ice hockey team. The list documents the season-by-season records of the Nittany Lions from 1940 to present, including conference and national post season records.
Refuge de la Valmasque is a refuge in the Alps-Maritimes. It is located in the French National Parc Mercantour.
Mathapoo is a 2013 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by Nagaraj and starring newcomer Jayan and Gayathrie.
Jamia Faiz–e-Aam (الجامعة الإسلامية فيض عام)' is a well-known, central, ancient and Islamic Jamia of India, located in the industrial city of eastern Uttar Pradesh.
Adolf Vécsey (also known as Adolf Weber; 13 June 1916 – 1979) was a Hungarian football player who played as a goalkeeper.
The jazzophone is a comparatively rare sax-shaped double-belled brass instrument, with a trumpet-like mouthpiece. One bell is left open, while the other bell uses a harmon mute with a stem on a trigger that produces a "wah-wah" type of effect.
Speculation is that the first was created in 1920, with the first known advertisement for the instrument appearing in a German magazine in 1926, but other musical experts disagree there is another form of jazzophone. Collector "Captain Kazoo" claims to own such an instrument. No specific details besides a picture are given, but it appears to be a kazoo-shaped body with a single bell. The previous mentioned jazzophone was created completely separate of the "Kazoo" model. The only common link is the name.
The instrument was featured in the songs "Get Up Off That Jazzophone" by the Bubbling Over Five band in 1929 and Bob Brown's "Mammy's Little Rolling Stone" of the same year.
The Tokamak à configuration variable (TCV, literally "variable configuration tokamak") is a Swiss research fusion reactor of the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL). As the largest experimental facility of the Swiss Plasma Center, the TCV Tokamak explores the physics of nuclear fusion by magnetic confinement. Its distinguishing feature over other tokamaks is that its torus section is three times higher than wide. This allows studying several shapes of plasmas, which is particularly relevant since the shape of the plasma has links to the performance of the reactor. This asset has earned its choice as one of the three national machines in Europe involved in the design of the international reactor ITER, as well as in the development of ITER’s successor DEMO, a prototype of a commercial reactor. The TCV was set up in November 1992.
Gabriel Enzo Ferrari (born 1 September 1988) is a former American association football player.
De Michele (alternatively DeMichele or De Michèle) is an Italian and French surname meaning "of Michele". People with the surname include:
Cherokee Removal Memorial Park is a public park in Meigs County, Tennessee that is dedicated in memory of the Cherokee who were forced to emigrate from their ancestral lands during the Cherokee removal, in an event that came to be known as the Trail of Tears. It was established in 2005, and has since expanded.
The following is a list of notable former pupils of the Royal High School of Edinburgh, Scotland.
Although the Royal High School long enjoyed a near monopoly on boys' education among the Edinburgh burgesses and county gentry, roll lists before the mid eighteenth century are incomplete. Consequently, attendance by the mathematician John Napier (1550–1617) and the philosopher David Hume (1711–1776) is unconfirmed and may be legend.
On occasion the school has also provided a literally royal education. In 1859 The Prince of Wales received lessons in Roman history from the Rector, Dr. Leonhard Schmitz, and presented the Carson medal at the prize-giving. The following year, 1860, Prince Ferdinand d'Orléans, duke of Alençon (1844–1910), Louis d'Orléans, prince of Condé (1845–1866), and Prince Pierre d'Orléans, duke of Penthièvre (1845–1919), attended classes and were awarded prizes.
Lake Zoar is a reservoir on the Housatonic River in the U.S. state of Connecticut. It was formed by the completion of the Stevenson Dam, which flooded an area of Oxford and Stevenson named "Pleasantvale" or "Pleasant Vale". "Connecticut's Lakes Reflect Our History, Present". Retrieved 2018-04-02. The towns of Monroe, Newtown, Oxford, and Southbury border Lake Zoar. The name Zoar originates from corner of Newtown and Monroe that once called itself Zoar after the Biblical city Zoara near the Dead Sea.
Western Gateway Heritage State Park is a history-focused Massachusetts state park in the city of North Adams managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation. Exhibits at the park, which is located in a former railyard, tell the story of the creation of the Hoosac Tunnel.  The freight yard was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 as the Freight Yard Historic District.
John Martin Costello (January 15, 1903 – August 28, 1976) was an American lawyer and politician who served five terms as a U.S. Representative from California from 1935 to 1945.
Kensington Gardens is a 1719 comedy play by the Irish actor John Leigh. It is also known as Kensington Gardens, or, The Pretenders. It follows the attempts of several suitors to woo a wealthy rich widow, and the serious of complications that ensue.
Leigh himself played the role of Lord George Belmour, with Lacy Ryan as Colonel Lovely, George Pack as Sir Vanity Halfwit, William Bullock as Sir Politick Noodle, James Spiller as Captain Hackit, Christopher Bullock as Bardach, John Harper as Grogram John Egleton as Varnish and Elizabeth Spiller as Melissa.
The production at the Lincoln's Inn Fields Theatre lasted for estimated seven performances. The play is dedicated to Lord Brooke, a patron of the theatre.
Sussex County Courthouse is located at the corner of High and Spring Streets in Newton, the county seat of Sussex County, New Jersey. It is part 10th vicinage of the New Jersey Superior Court.It was originally built in 1765 and rebuilt in 1847. It is one of the courthouses dating from the 18th century and among the oldest courthouses in the United States still in active use. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 23, 1979 for its significance in architecture, using Greek Revival temple style.
Annino (Russian: А́ннино, IPA: [ˈanʲnʲɪnə]) is a Moscow Metro station in the Chertanovo Yuzhnoye District, Southern Administrative Okrug, Moscow. It is on the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line, between Ulitsa Akademika Yangelya and Bulvar Dmitriya Donskogo stations.
Sainte-Rose is a commune in the department of Guadeloupe. It is the second largest commune of Guadeloupe, in terms of area, after Petit-Bourg. Sainte-Rose lies on the coast of the island of Basse-Terre.
Seafood in Australia comes from local and international commercial fisheries, aquaculture and recreational anglers. It is an economically important sector, and along with agriculture and forestry contributed $24,744 million to Australia's GDP in year 2007–2008, out of a total GDP of $1,084,146 million. Commercial fisheries in Commonwealth waters are managed by the Australian Fisheries Management Authority, while commercial and recreational fishing in state waters is managed by various state-level agencies.The sustainable seafood movement is growing in Australia as consumers become more aware of conservation issues and the importance of maintaining fish stocks. Organisations such as the Marine Stewardship Council and Australian Marine Conservation Society's GoodFish: Australia's Sustainable Seafood Guide have released guides helping consumers make sustainable seafood choices.
Ukrainian Heraldry Society (Ukrainian: Українське геральдичне товариство, Ukrayinske Heraldychne Tovarystvo or UHT) is a Ukrainian non-governmental public organisation, which works on researches in heraldry, sphragistics (sigillography), vexillology, genealogy, emblem creating.
Anaid Productions is a Canadian television production company that produces both non-fiction and drama series. It was established in 1993 by Margaret Mardirossian. There are offices in Vancouver, British Columbia and Edmonton, Alberta.
Ann Inc. is an American group of specialty apparel retail chain stores for women. The company headquartered in New York City and currently operates as a subsidiary of Ascena Retail Group. The stores offer classic styled suits, separates, dresses, shoes and accessories. The brand is marketed under five divisions: Ann Taylor, Loft, Lou & Grey, Ann Taylor Factory, and Loft Outlet.
The Open the Owarai Gate Championship was a professional wrestling title in Japanese promotion Dragon Gate. The word owarai in the title's name is the Japanese word for comedy.
The championship was first conceived during Stalker Ichikawa's first United States tour, joining fellow Dragon Gate wrestlers Cima, Naruki Doi, Masato Yoshino and Don Fujii during the Pro Wrestling Guerrilla two-night event Dynamite Duumvirate Tag Team Title Tournament on May 19 and May 20, 2007, in Burbank, California.  In addition to changing his name to "Hollywood" Stalker Ichikawa, he also gave birth to the Open the Owarai Gate Championship which he wore during the second night of the event against Top Gun Talwar. The name change and the introduction of the belt was made official on May 25. The championship was deactivated at Dead or Alive 2018, when Shingo Takagi, per stipulation, was the last person to escape the cage in the Hair vs. Hair Steel Cage Survival seven-way match.
The championship is both unique and very unusual. The title is not necessarily defended by traditional methods of simply beating the champion by pinfalls or submission. While such a situation can still happen, the title also has a stipulation regarding audience approval during the match. This means that while the champion could still technically lose the match, he could retain the belt simply by having earning more applause and/or laughter from the audience.The championship was defended for the first time on June 10 at Hakata Star Lanes in Fukuoka, Fukuoka. In addition, Ichikawa also began by having ten "Free Defense" tickets that would ensure he would always retain the title regardless. However, before his defense against Kikutaro on September 22 at the Ota-ku Gymnasium in Tokyo, the tickets were destroyed and he was forced to defend the belt on his own merit. He was able to successfully retain due to unusual circumstances since, such as his mother appealing to the crowd and later his opponent feeling sorry.
Ana Veronica Rodean (born 23 June 1984) is a Romanian race walker. She competed in the women's 20 kilometres walk event at the 2016 Summer Olympics. In 2018, she competed in the women's 20 kilometres walk event at the 2018 European Athletics Championships held in Berlin, Germany. She finished in 19th place.
Nikolo-Perervinsky Monastery (Николо-Перервинский монастырь in Russian) is the southernmost historical monastery of Moscow. It is dedicated to Saint Nicholas the Miracle-Worker. It is situated at south of the district of Pechatniki between the Moscow river and the Lublino railroad classification yard.
The abbey was first mentioned in the city records in 1623, although it is believed that it had existed for more than a century prior to that. Its name (from the Russian verb "to interrupt") is explained by the fact that the Moskva River has repeatedly changed its flow at this place. The abbey began to expand in the mid-17th century and grew especially large at the turn of the century, when Patriarch Adrian made the cloister his summer residence and built the so-called Old Katholikon (1696–1700). In 1775, they opened a theological seminary on the premises of the monastery. Its main sources of income were Sukharev Tower, Iverskaya Chapel and other sketes, attached to it by the ecclesiastic authorities. 
In 1908, the vast New Katholikon was consecrated to the Holy Icon Our Lady of Iberia. The abbey was closed down in 1928. The Russian Orthodox Church resumed divine service in the Old Katholikon in 1991.
Semyonovskoye (Russian: Семёновское) is a rural locality (a village) in Podlesnoye Rural Settlement, Vologodsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2002.
Henry Herbert Shires (June 7, 1886 – April 29, 1961) was an American cleric who served as suffragan bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of California from 1950 to 1958.  Shires was consecrated on September 29, 1950.
Born in Bernardsville, New Jersey, Shires studied at Cornell University and the General Theological Seminary. He was ordained deacon in 1911.  In 1911, he married Mabel Clare Millis.  Shires was ordained as a priest in 1912.  After serving parishes in New Jersey, Arizona, and California, he became dean of the Church Divinity School of the Pacific in 1935.  Shires was suffragan bishop of California from 1950 to 1958.
Shires retired in 1958 and died on April 29, 1961. His son, Henry Millis Shires, became an Episcopal priest and was professor of New Testament at the Episcopal Theological Seminary in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Tal-Qadi Temple is a megalithic temple in Salina, limits of Naxxar, Malta. It is in a very bad state of preservation, with only the temple's general outline still visible.
HMS Swift was an S-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy during the Second World War. The ship belonged to the January 1941 order of the Royal Navy from the War Emergency program. The destroyer was launched from the shipyard J. Samuel White in Cowes on 15 June 1943 and was put into service on 12 December 1943.
In early 1944 Swift saw service escorting Arctic Convoys to and from the Kola Inlet. The ship participated in the Normandy landings providing fire support. She was sunk off Sword Beach by mine on 24 June 1944 with 53 casualties.
Vincent Alsop (c. 1630 – 8 May 1703) was an English Nonconformist clergyman. His Mischief of Separation and Melius Inquirenduni became landmarks in the history of religious nonconformity.
Pig-poré is a village in the Poura Department of Balé Province in southern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 637.
Egon T. Lánský (born Egon Löwy; 23 July 1934 – 25 November 2013) was a Czech politician for the Czech Social Democratic Party (CSDP), journalist, political commentator, spokesperson and columnist.
Dame Mildred Betty Ridley DBE (10 September 1909 – 1 August 2005) was a leading figure in the life of the Church of England from the 1960s into the 1980s, serving as Third Church Estates Commissioner from 1972 until 1981, the first woman to hold the post.
Katalaina Malua BEM, also known by her married name Katalaina Kokea, is a Tuvaluan women's rights advocate. She is President of the Tuvalu National Council of Women (TNCW).
Spyridon Louis (Greek: Σπυρίδων Λούης [spiˈriðon ˈluis], sometimes transliterated Spiridon Loues; 12 January 1873 – 26 March 1940), commonly known as Spyros Louis (Σπύρος Λούης), was a Greek water carrier who won the first modern-day Olympic marathon at the 1896 Summer Olympics. Following his victory, he was celebrated as a national hero.A former soldier, Louis was encouraged to try out for the Olympics by his former commanding officer. After progressing through qualifying, he went on to win the inaugural Olympic marathon after placing first from seventeen competitors.  Louis later became a police officer and a farmer. Outside of his athletics career, Louis was arrested for forgery, of which he was acquitted after spending a year in jail.
Insalebria serraticornella is a species of snout moth in the genus Insalebria. It was described by Zeller in 1839, and is known from Tunisia, Morocco, Slovakia, the Balkan Peninsula, Ukraine, Russia and Turkey.
Chefe Tico is a village in Ancuabe District in Cabo Delgado Province in northeastern Mozambique.
The Karelian question or Karelian issue (Finnish: Karjala-kysymys, Swedish: Karelska frågan) is a dispute in Finnish politics over whether  to try to regain control over eastern Finnish Karelia and other territories ceded to the Soviet Union in the Winter War and the Continuation War. Despite the name "Karelian question", the term may refer also to the return of Petsamo, ceded parts of Salla and Kuusamo, and four islands in the Gulf of Finland. Sometimes the phrase "debate on the return of the ceded territories" (luovutettujen alueiden palautuskeskustelu) is used. The Karelian question remains a matter of public debate rather than a political issue.
The M-8 (Urdu: موٹروے 8) is an east–west motorway in Pakistan, connecting Sukkur- Larkana to Gwadar. The motorway partly currently under-construction, while the 193 kilometer stretch between Gwadar and Hoshab was inaugurated in February 2016.  A timeline for the completion of the motorway is not available due to the difficult terrain in which the motorway is being constructed.
Estádio Municipal Waldemiro Wagner, also known as Felipão, is a football stadium located in Paranavaí, Brazil.  The stadium has a maximum capacity of 25,000 people, and it is located in the Avenida Tancredo Neves, s/n, Paranavaí, Paraná. It was inaugurated in 1992, and it is owned by Paranavaí City Hall.
Cercocarpus traskiae, known by the common names Santa Catalina Island mountain-mahogany and Catalina mahogany, is a rare species of plant in the rose family.
Hendrik Douwe Kloosterman (9 April 1900 – 6 May 1968) was a Dutch mathematician, known for his work in number theory (in particular, for introducing Kloosterman sums) and in representation theory.After completing his master's degree at Leiden University from 1918–1922 he studied at the University of Copenhagen with Harald Bohr and the University of Oxford with G. H. Hardy. In 1924 he received his Ph.D. in Leiden under supervision of J. C. Kluyver. From 1926 to 1928 he studied at the universities of Göttingen and Hamburg, and he was assistant at the University of Münster from 1928-1930. Kloosterman was appointed lector (associate professorship) at  Leiden University in 1930 and full professor in 1947. In 1950 he was elected a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
The Captive Heart is a 1946 British war drama, directed by Basil Dearden and starring Michael Redgrave. It is about a Czechoslovak Army officer who is captured in the Fall of France and spends five years as a prisoner of war, during which time he forms a long-distance relationship with the widow of a British Army officer. The film was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.The film is partly based on the true story of a Czechoslovak officer in the RAF Volunteer Reserve, Josef Bryks MBE, and his relationship with a British WAAF, Gertrude Dellar, who was the widow of an RAF pilot.
The 2000 NCAA Division I Women's Lacrosse Championship was the 19th annual single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of Division I NCAA women's college lacrosse. The championship game was played at Lions Stadium in Trenton, New Jersey during May 2000. All NCAA Division I women's lacrosse programs were eligible for this championship. Ultimately, 12 teams were invited to the tournament.
Maryland defeated Princeton, 16–8, to win their eighth overall and sixth consecutive, national championship. This would subsequently become the sixth of Maryland's record seven straight national titles (1995–2001). 
For the second consecutive year, the leading scorer for the tournament was Jen Adams from Maryland, with 22 goals. Adams was also again named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.
Jasmin Burić (Bosnian pronunciation: [jǎsmiːn bûːritɕ]; born 18 February 1987) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Ekstraklasa club Zagłębie Lubin.
Burić started his professional career at Čelik Zenica, before joining Lech Poznań in 2009. Ten years later, he moved to Hapoel Haifa. In 2022, he signed with Zagłębie Lubin.
A former youth international for Bosnia and Herzegovina, Burić made his senior international debut in 2008, earning 3 caps until 2020.
Lébamba is a small town in south-western Gabon. It is the capital of Louetsi-Wano Department in Ngounié Province. It lies along the N6 road, 38.3 kilometres northeast of Ndendé. A Catholic Mission has long been established in Lébamba.
The 455th Air Expeditionary Wing is a provisional United States Air Force unit formerly located at Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan.  It is one of two expeditionary wings in Afghanistan.  Most wing personnel are located at the Air Force Village known as Camp Cunningham.
The first predecessor of the wing was organized in 1943 as the 455th Bombardment Group.  After training in the United States with Consolidated B-24 Liberator bombers, the 455th deployed to the Mediterranean Theater of Operations, participating in the strategic bombing campaign against Germany.   It earned two Distinguished Unit Citations for its combat operations.  Following V-E Day, it remained in Italy without its flight echelon until inactivating in September 1945.
The group was activated in the reserve in 1947. Apparently, it was not fully manned or equipped before inactivating in June 1949 and transferring most of its resources to another unit.  It was redesignated the 445th Fighter-Day Group and activated in 1956, but did not become operational before inactivating in July 1957.
The wing's second predecessor was established in 1953, but not organized until November 1962 as the 455th Strategic Missile Wing an LGM-30B Minuteman I wing. It was inactivated in June 1968 and transferred its assets to the 91st Strategic Missile Wing.  The group and wing were consolidated in 1985.  In 2001, the consolidated unit was converted to provisional status as the 455th Air Expeditionary Group.  It was activated the following year.
Yanzhuang (simplified Chinese: 阎庄; traditional Chinese: 閻莊; pinyin: Yánzhuāng) is a town in  Ju County in southern Shandong province, China, located 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) due north of the county seat. As of 2011, it has 49 villages under its administration.
Philip T. Hartung (1903 – July 24, 1973) was an American writer. 
He was the film critic for Commonweal from 1938 until his death in 1973 at the age of 70. He served as a consultant for the Office of Film and Broadcasting at the United States Catholic Conference. From 1942 to 1945 he also worked for the Museum of Modern Art. His work appeared in Esquire, Scholastic, Time, and Woman's Home Companion.
Wilhelm Anton Kaulbach (8 August 1864, Hanover - 23 April 1934, Berlin) was a German portrait painter.
The Story So Far is a compilation album by American performance artist Divine, originally released in 1984. It is Divine's most successful album on both sides of the Atlantic.With songwriting and music production by Mike Stock, Matt Aitken, and Pete Waterman (collectively known as Stock Aitken Waterman), as well as Bobby Orlando, the album became especially sought-after by avid synthesizer-based club/dance music fans. The album includes the hit single "You Think You're a Man," which reached number 16 on the UK Singles Chart.
The Dos Portões River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin and a tributary of the Pelotas River.
Wilhelm Löffler (born 7 February 1886, date of death unknown) was a German fencer. He competed at the 1912 and 1928.
The Jewish Healthcare Center ("JHC"; also known as "The Jewish Home" or simply "The Home" among the Worcester Jewish community) is a nursing home and rehabilitation hospital at 629 Salisbury Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. The JHC services 2,500 clients per year, 70 percent of whom are not Jewish.
Muslims (Arabic: مسلم, romanized: Muslim) are people who follow or practice Islam, an Abrahamic monotheistic religion. The word "Muslim" derives from Arabic and means "submitter (to God)". Muslims consider the Quran, their holy book, to be the verbatim word of God as revealed to the Islamic prophet and messenger Muhammad. The majority of Muslims also follow the teachings and practices of Muhammad (sunnah) as recorded in traditional accounts (hadith).As of 2015, 1.8 billion or about 24.1% of the world population are Muslims. By the percentage of the total population in a region considering themselves Muslim, 91% in the Middle East–North Africa (MENA), 81% in Central Asia, 65% in the Caucasus, 40% in Southeast Asia, 31% in South Asia, 30% in Sub-Saharan Africa, 25% in Asia and Oceania collectively, around 6% in Europe, and 1% in the Americas.Most Muslims are of one of two denominations; Sunni (75–90%) and Shia (10–20%). About 12% of Muslims live in Indonesia, the largest Muslim-majority country; 31% of Muslims live in South Asia, the largest population of Muslims in the world; 20% in the Middle East–North Africa, where it is the dominant religion; and 15% in Sub-Saharan Africa. Muslims are the overwhelming majority in Central Asia, the majority in the Caucasus and widespread in Southeast Asia. India is the country with the largest Muslim population outside Muslim-majority countries. Sizeable Muslim communities are also found in the Americas, China, and Europe. Islam is the fastest-growing major religion in the world.
Pablo Rodríguez Aracil (born 20 July 1985) is a retired Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward.last played for Hougang United in Singapore Premier League
Belogradets (Bulgarian: Белоградец) is a village in north-eastern Bulgaria. It is located in the municipality of Vetrino, Varna Province.
Until 1934 the village carried the name Turk Arnautlar. As of September 2015 the village has a population of 1,242.
Sorcha Cusack (Irish pronunciation: [ˈsˠɔɾˠəxə]; born 9 April 1949) is an Irish actress. Her numerous television credits include portraying the title role in Jane Eyre (1973), Casualty (1994–1997), Coronation Street (2008) and Father Brown (2013–present).
The women's synchronized trampoline competition at the 2015 European Games was held at the National Gymnastics Arena on 19 and 21 June 2015.
Arceuthobium americanum is a species of dwarf mistletoe known as American dwarf mistletoe and lodgepole-pine dwarf mistletoe. It is a common plant of western North America where it lives in high elevation pine forests. It is a parasitic plant which lives upon the Lodgepole Pine, particularly the subspecies Pinus contortus ssp. murrayana, the Tamarack Pine. This pine subspecies is most common in the Cascade Range and Sierra Nevada. The American dwarf mistletoe is a yellow-green coral-shaped structure above the surface of the tree's bark, while most of the parasite is beneath the bark. The seeds mature in late summer and disperse to nearby trees.  This species has been found to explosively-disperse its seeds through thermogenesis.The parasitic plant is dioecious, meaning that it has separate male and female parts. Studies of pine needles from infected trees have shown decreased starch content in the needles of infected trees. Furthermore, differences have been found in the positioning of the vascular bundles between female infected pine trees and male infected pine trees.
Ölziit (Mongolian: Өлзийт) is a sum (district) of Övörkhangai Province in southern Mongolia. In 2008, its population was 2,741.
Kalininets (Russian: Кали́нинец) is a town in the Naro-Fominsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia. The town's name is a derivative form an unofficial name for a soldier of Taman Division, which is in turn named after Mikhail Ivanovich Kalinin (Russian: Михаи́л Ива́нович Кали́нин).
Nicholas Muszynski (born November 19, 1998) is an American college basketball player for the Belmont Bruins of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC).
Bojan Sanković (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојан Санковић; born 21 November 1993) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for Hungarian Zalaegerszegi TE.
"It's a Small World" is a water-based boat ride located in the Fantasyland area at various Disney theme parks worldwide, including Disneyland Park in Anaheim, California; Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida; Tokyo Disneyland, Disneyland Paris; and Hong Kong Disneyland, with its inaugural version having premiered at the 1964 New York World's Fair before permanently moving to Disneyland.The ride features over 300 audio-animatronic dolls in traditional costumes from cultures around the world, frolicking in a spirit of international unity, and singing the attraction's title song, which has a theme of global peace. According to Time.com, the Sherman Brothers' song "It's A Small World" is the most publicly performed song of all time.  In recent years, the Small World attractions at the various Disney parks have been updated to include depictions of Disney characters, albeit in a design compatible with the original 1960s design of Mary Blair, alongside the original characters.
Erasmus Primary School is a school in Hawthorn, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, serving children from prep through year 6. It is founded by the Education Renaissance Trust, which is connected with the School of Economic Science, also known as the School of Philosophy.
Chathamangalam is a village in Kozhikode district of Kerala state, India.
Jim Cootes For more than twenty-five years, he has been studying Philippine orchids, particularly in the wild, as an amateur Orchidologist in Mindoro, Philippines. He is a frequent lecturer and has written numerous articles for major orchid journals and magazines. He resides in Australia, where he works as a mail carrier.
The Monte Generoso Railway or Ferrovia Monte Generoso (MG) is a mountain railway line  in the Italian speaking canton of Ticino, in south-east Switzerland. The line runs from Capolago, on Lake Lugano, to a terminus near the summit of Monte Generoso. It is the highest railway in Ticino. The summit (1,701 m or 5,581 ft) offers extensive views over the Lombardy Plain, part of the Po Valley, and towards the Alps.Whilst the railway lies entirely within Switzerland, the summit station is only a few metres from the international border with the Italian region of Lombardy. The line is owned by the Migros group, better known for operating supermarkets throughout Switzerland.
Men of Annapolis is a 41-episode half-hour syndicated drama television series in anthology format which aired from 1957–1958 and was hosted by the voice of Art Gilmore. Darryl Hickman appeared four times on the program as Dusty Rhodes, a fictitious midshipman at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.
Lam Chun Kit (Chinese: 林駿杰; born 6 January 1998) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Hong Kong Premier League club Resources Capital.
Pershagen is a locality situated in Södertälje Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 2,216 inhabitants in 2010.
Elections to the Russian Constituent Assembly were held on 25 November 1917, although some districts had polling on alternate days, around two months after they were originally meant to occur, having been organized as a result of events in the February Revolution. They are generally recognised to be the first free elections in Russian history.Various academic studies have given alternative results. However, all clearly indicate that the Bolsheviks were clear winners in the urban centres, and also took around two-thirds of the votes of soldiers on the Western Front. Nevertheless, the Socialist-Revolutionary party topped the polls on the strength of support from the country's rural peasantry, who were for the most part one-issue voters, that issue being land reform.The elections, however, did not produce a democratically-elected government. The Constituent Assembly only met for a single day the following January before being dissolved by the Bolsheviks. All opposition parties were ultimately banned, and the Bolsheviks ruled the country as a one-party state.
Byttneria jaramilloana is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae. It is found only in Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Leicestershire County Cricket Club in top-class matches since 1894. Founded in 1879, the club held minor status until it was classified as a first-class team in 1894, before joining the County Championship in 1895. Leicestershire has been classified as a List A team since the beginning of limited overs cricket in 1963 and as a top-level Twenty20 team since the inauguration of the Twenty20 Cup in 2003.The details are the player's usual name followed by the years in which he was active as a Leicestershire player and then his name is given as it would appear on modern match scorecards. Note that many players represented other top-class teams besides Leicestershire and that some played for the club in minor counties cricket before 1894. Current players are shown as active to the latest season in which they played for the club. The list excludes Second XI and other players who did not play for the club's first team; and players whose first team appearances were in minor matches only.
Balčak is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 26 people.
The Sunda coucal (Centropus nigrorufus) is a cuckoo species in the family Cuculidae that is endemic to Java, Indonesia. It inhabits mangroves, freshwater swamp forests and grasslands near brackish water. It has been listed as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List since 1994, as the small population is threatened by habitat destruction and trapping.
It feeds on grasshoppers, ground beetles, moths, geckos, snakes and frogs; it was also observed while picking rice seeds in a paddy field.
Clutchy Hopkins is purportedly a multi-instrumentalist musician based out of California. His existence has not yet been fully verified, though he is widely believed to be a pseudonym for one of several popular DJs.  The true identity of the person (or people) behind the music is not publicly known.
Naomi Blumenthal (Hebrew: נעמי בלומנטל, born 22 November 1943) is a former Israeli politician. First elected to the Knesset in 1992, her political career was ended by a conviction for corruption in 2006.
Herman Doumnan (born 25 September 1982) is a Chadian professional football player. He has made nine appearances for the Chad national football team.
Ruben Young is a Canadian R&B/soul singer and songwriter from Calgary, Alberta, Canada. He is best known for his debut EP Dreamstate, which features the online hit, "Rachel Green" with American rapper Hodgy from Odd Future, his collaborations with Grammy nominee Lord Quest, Terrell Morris and JUNO winning rapper/producer Classified.Recently named Apple Music's New Artist of the Week in Canada, Young's independent releases (through his own label, Young + Lucky) have earned him over five million streams, and a place on stages such as Ones To Watch, and as direct support for international artists such as touring with pop-star Kiesza in 2019, Akon, The Chainsmokers, Jarreau Vandal, Nelly, Phony Ppl, Classified (rapper), Jocelyn Alice, and more.
From features on Beats 1 Radio, BBC Radio 1 Extra, CBC Music, to steady rotation on Stingray and Canadian radio, and performing at premier showcases such as School Night (Toronto) and NXNE, Ruben's sound continues to grow - establishing him as one of the top rising soul artists out of Canada.
Ruben is also known as an emerging topline songwriter, having written "Psycho" and "Dear Dad" on "Dirty Pretty Things" the debut album by Canadian pop-star, Delaney Jane, and "Take Me Over" by Shaun Frank.
WVPR (89.5 MHz) is a public FM radio station licensed to Windsor, Vermont, United States. The station is owned by Vermont Public Radio and is an affiliate of their news and information network.
The transmitter is located atop Mount Ascutney, Vermont.  The station's signal covers most of Southern Vermont and parts of New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
Cleone Santos Silva (born 21 November 1989), known by Cleo Silva, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Novorizontino
Troiano (Bisenti)  is a frazione  in the Province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
Death receptor 3 (DR3), also known as tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily member 25 (TNFRSF25), is a cell surface receptor of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily which mediates apoptotic signalling and differentiation. Its only known TNFSF ligand is TNF-like protein 1A (TL1A).
Mark Wood FRGS (born 1966), is a British explorer, professional speaker, expedition leader, and author. He served in the British Army in the Second Battalion, Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, and as a firefighter in the Royal Berkshire Fire and Rescue Service. He subsequently became an explorer, and expedition leader where he has trained and led teams for major  Polar and mountain expeditions in extreme environments such as the Arctic Circle, the Himalayas, Antarctica, Alaska, and the Canadian and Norwegian High Arctic to raise awareness of  climate change and creates very large virtual classrooms in order to talk to schools and children about these issues.
Frédéric-César de La Harpe (6 April 1754 – 30 March 1838) was a Swiss political leader, writer and journalist, best known for his pivotal role in the independence of the canton of Vaud from Bern and in the formation of the Helvetic Republic, in which he served as a member of its Directory. He was a personal teacher of Alexander I of Russia and educated him in the ideas of the Lumières.
Vance County Public Schools is a school district in Vance County, North Carolina, United States. The superintendent is Dr. Cindy W. Bennett. She began her tenure as Superintendent on July 1, 2021. The school district has 16 schools: 9 traditional elementary schools, 1 year-round elementary, 2 middle schools, 2 high schools (both early start calendars), as well as a K-12 virtual school and a 6-12 flex school. 
Vance County Schools is located in Henderson, NC and serves over 5,000 students.
The hyphen ‐ is a punctuation mark used to join words and to separate syllables of a single word. The use of hyphens is called hyphenation. Son-in-law is an example of a hyphenated word. The hyphen is sometimes confused with dashes (figure dash ‒, en dash –, em dash —, horizontal bar ―), which are longer and have different uses, or with the minus sign −, which is also longer and more vertically centred in some typefaces.
Although hyphens are not to be confused with en dashes, there are some overlaps in usage (in which either a hyphen or an en dash may be acceptable, depending on user preference, as discussed below). In addition, the hyphen often substitutes for the en dash elsewhere in informal writing.
As an orthographic concept, the hyphen is a single entity. In terms of character encoding and display, it is represented by any of several characters and glyphs, including the Unicode hyphen (shown at the top of the infobox on this page), the hyphen-minus, the soft (optional) hyphen, and the non-breaking hyphen. The character most often used to represent a hyphen is called the "hyphen-minus" by Unicode, deriving from the original ASCII standard where it was called "hyphen (minus)".
DNA replication licensing factor MCM4 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MCM4 gene.
This is a list of films which placed number-one at the weekend box office in Brazil during 2021.
Kuthenkuzhi or Kuthenkuly is a village in Tamil Nadu, India. It is in the Radhapuram taluk of Tirunelveli district. It gets its name from kuthen which means the  Hindu god Shiva who does kazhi nadanam or cosmic dance.
After the period of St Francis Xavier in 1542, many of the inhabitants converted to Christianity. This village belongs to Tuticorin Diocese. The occupation of majority of people living in this village is fishing. Kuthenkuzhi has a famous Roman Catholic church of St. Quiteria ( kitheri ammal koil). Also there is a famous church dedicated to "The Three Magi". People of the village celebrate Christmas in December, The Three kings festival during January, St. Quiteria's festival during may and also St. John the Baptist's festival.
Newcastle Coach Station is a coach station located in Newcastle upon Tyne. It opened in 2003, as a replacement for the former Gallowgate Coach Station.The coach station is located on Churchill Street, and is a short walk from Newcastle Central railway station. It is one of three bus stations in the city centre – the others being Eldon Square and Haymarket.
The coach station has five bays, with facilities including a booking office, waiting room, seating and toilet facilities. A taxi rank is available on Churchill Street. Above the bays is a translucent curved canopy roof, with a glazed block screen wall.
Newcastle Coach Station is served mainly by National Express, however, it is also used by a number of independent operators – including JH Coaches and Wright Bros. of Alston. The station is not served by Megabus, with services instead using a stop on John Dobson Street, adjacent to Newcastle City Library.
Tver River Terminal or Tverskoy rechnoy vokzal (Russian: Тверской речной вокзал) is a partially destroyed passenger terminal of river transport in Tver. It is situated at the confluence of the Volga and Tvertsa rivers, on the left bank of the Volga, just near the river mouth of Tvertsa.
The construction began in 1935, near the site of the demolished Otroch Uspensky Monastery, and was completed by 1938. Both architects and most of the workers on site were prisoners of the Volgolag labour camp (part of the Gulag).
Because of the compromises and corner-cutting made during the planning and construction, the building's structure began to decline by the end of 1980s. Due to the financial difficulties that city experienced in 1990s and early 2000s, local authorities were unable to afford proper repairs, which lead to further deterioration.
By that time, following the decline of water transport in the region, the river terminal building was out of the commission for almost a decade. In the following years, up until 2011, it was sometimes used as a venue for art expositions, while some of the sections were rented out to various tenants.
On the eve of August 7, 2017, main building began collapsing—a process that continued on the next day, eventually leading to the loss of external walls, floor structures and the roof.
Blim TV (stylized as blim tv) is an on-demand video subscription service, offered online via Televisa S.A. de C.V, through an Internet connection, which offers access to programs strictly for personal use, in exchange for payment of a monthly subscription fee.Its center of operations is in Mexico City. It is currently available in 17 countries: Mexico, Colombia, Argentina, Costa Rica, Panama, Chile, Peru, Venezuela, Ecuador, Guatemala, Bolivia, Honduras, Paraguay, El Salvador, Nicaragua, Uruguay and Belize.It owns the productions of Televisa, as well the broadcast rights for titles from creators and distributors like Walt Disney Pictures, Paramount Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and BBC.To compete with other on demand video services, it initially offered a monthly subscription for 109 pesos (approximately $5.65 US). Like Netflix, blim tv offers the first month of its service free of charge.On 3 September 2019, Blim was relaunched as “blim tv”, adding 30 live television channels like Las Estrellas, Canal 5, Tlnovelas, Telemundo Internacional and Antena 3.As of July 2021, Luis Arvizu is the CEO of the company.
Michael Meros (1950–2007) was an American keyboardist best known as a member of the Beach Boys touring band from 1979 until July 4, 2001.Meros hailed from the Brooklyn Park neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland. His entire family was musical and comprised a band known as the "Meros Brothers". Mike played in other bands as well, including Shelley's Emeralds, the Bare Essentials, The Ravens and the New Apocalypse.Meros earned a degree in Music from the University of Maryland in 1972.
Güzelköy, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 303 people.
Marta García Martín (born 13 July 2000) is a Spanish chess player, who achieved the FIDE International Master qualification in 2019. She currently belongs to the C.A. Mislata Lanjarón Discema team from Mislata, Valencia. Garcia was the No. 4 ranked Spanish female player as of September 2018.
Pettoranello del Molise is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Isernia in the Italian region Molise, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) west of Campobasso and about 6 kilometres (4 mi) southeast of Isernia.
Pettoranello del Molise borders the following municipalities: Carpinone, Castelpetroso, Castelpizzuto, Isernia, Longano.
Boekel (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈbukəl] (listen)) is a municipality and a town in the southern Netherlands.
Enrique Sesma Ponce de León (born 22 April 1927) is a former Mexican football forward who played for Mexico in the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Deportivo Toluca.
Salem Rashid Obaid (Arabic:سالم راشد عبيد; born 21 December 1993) is an Emirati professional footballer. He currently plays for Al Jazira.
Cadbury Dream Factory is a New Zealand reality television where viewers submitted their 'dreams'.
The first episode aired on 20 February 2014 on TV3. The show is presented and hosted by Brooke Howard-Smith and includes his 'helpers', actress Kimberley Crossman, former Sticky TV children's host Walter Neilands, performer Guy Montgomery and stand-up comedian Jesse Griffin.
Beşkonak is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 95  people.
Gollinglith Foot (GOWN-li FOOT), historically also spelt Gownley Foot, is a hamlet in the civil parish of Healey in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England. It lies on the River Burn near the foot of Colsterdale.
It takes its name from the moorland ridge known as Gollinglith 2 miles (3 km) west of the hamlet, between the valleys of the River Burn and Spruce Gill Beck.
Gollinglith Foot was once a thriving mining community.  Iron, lead and coal have all been mined from the area. It once had its own school, founded in 1787.The Six Dales Trail passes through the hamlet.
Mohammad Paolo Zaman Kermani known as Mohammad Zaman (fl. 1680 – c. 1700), a famous Safavid calligrapher and painter.
Palmer Park Mall is an indoor one-story shopping mall of 457,734 square feet (42,524.9 m2) located in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania, in the United States. The mall is located at the intersection of PA Route 248 (Nazareth Road) and Park Avenue in Palmer Township, Northampton County.The mall has over 50 stores and is anchored by a 192,110 square foot (17,848 m2) Boscov's. It has one vacant 122,125 square foot (11,346 m2) anchor most recently occupied by The Bon-Ton. The shopping mall is owned by Cityview Commercial LLC.
Palmer Park Mall primarily serves as the main shopping mall for residents of the Easton area, including the townships of  Bethlehem, Forks, Palmer, and Williams, and the boroughs of Glendon, West Easton, and Wilson.
The mall also serves as a designated "metro transit center" for several LANTA Metro bus routes, where riders can transfer to different routes.
Howard Marion-Crawford (17 January 1914 – 24 November 1969), the grandson of writer F. Marion Crawford, was an English character actor, best known for his portrayal of Dr. Watson in the 1954 television adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. In 1948, Marion-Crawford had played Holmes in a radio adaptation of "The Adventure of the Speckled Band", making him one of the few actors to portray both Holmes and Watson. He is also known for his portrayal of Dr. Petrie in a series of five low budget Dr. Fu Manchu films in the 1960s, and playing Paul Temple in the BBC Radio serialisations.
Uzarzewo [uzaˈʐɛvɔ] (German: Soldanshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Swarzędz, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Swarzędz and 16 km (10 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
The village has a population of 580. It is the site of a Museum of Natural Environment and Hunting, under the auspices of the National Museum of Agriculture in Szreniawa. It also has a church which lies on the Wooden Churches Trail around Puszcza Zielonka.
During the 1996–97 English football season, Millwall F.C. competed in the Football League Second Division.
William James Remar (born December 31, 1953) is an American actor. He has played Ajax in The Warriors (1979), Albert Ganz in 48 Hrs. (1982), Dutch Schultz in The Cotton Club (1984), Jack Duff in Miracle on 34th Street (1994), Richard in Sex and the City (2001–2004), and Harry Morgan, the father of the title character in Dexter (2006–2013). Since 2009 he has done voice-over work in ads for Lexus luxury cars. Remar studied acting at the Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City.
Remar's more recent roles include Frank Gordon in Gotham from 2016 to 2019, and from 2018 to 2021, Peter Gambi in Black Lightning.
Bang Jeong-Hwan, (November 9, 1899 – July 23, 1931), was a pioneer of Korean juvenile literature and a children's rights activist, who led the establishment of Children's Day in Korea.
Arunachal Pradesh Information Commission is an autonomous and statutory body constituted as per The Right to Information Act, 2005 by the state government of Arunachal Pradesh through a notification in official Gazette. The commission will have one State Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) and not more than 10 State Information Commissioners (IC) to be appointed by the Governor on the recommendation of the committee consisting of the Chief Minister as Chairperson, the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly and a state Cabinet Minister nominated by the Chief Minister.
Grażyna Strachota (a.k.a. Grazyna Strachota-Szpakowska; born 8 September 1960, in Warsaw), is a Polish actress. She appeared in the  television series Aby do świtu... in 1992.
Alec Gehard Olson (born September 11, 1930) is a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives, a former state senator, who served as the 40th Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. He was born in Mamre Township in Kandiyohi County, Minnesota.
Road Trip is a 2000 American road sex comedy film directed by Todd Phillips and written by Scot Armstrong and Phillips. The film stars Breckin Meyer, Seann William Scott, Paulo Costanzo, and DJ Qualls as four college friends who embark on an 1,800-mile (2,900 km) road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a girlfriend.
Acritopappus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae described as a genus in 1972.The entire genus is endemic to Brazil.
Accrued jurisdiction within the context of the Australian legal system is the power held over state matters by federal courts. Accrued jurisdiction will occur when there are several cases brought to the Federal Court of Australia (FCA) where there are competing jurisdictions between them. In essence the state vests judicial authority in the federal court providing that a number of requirements are met. A claim that is based on a state law for example can be heard in a federal court depending on:
the laws which attach rights or liabilities to the conduct and relationship of parties
whether the different claims are so related that the determination of one depends on the otherThe above test is applied by the court and a decision reached as to whether the court has accrued jurisdiction. A convenient example of this process is outlined in the case Re Wakim; Ex parte McNally (1999) HCA where there is a conflict between state and federal jurisdictions. In this particular case it was held that accrued jurisdiction did exist but had it not the FCA would have been acting unconstitutionally had it proceeded hearing the case.
Nash County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 94,970. Its county seat is Nashville.Nash County is now a part of the Rocky Mount, NC Metropolitan Statistical Area, instead of the Raleigh, NC Metropolitan Statistical Area.
John Robert Camber Porter (5 January 1953 - 10 November 2021) was an English businessman best known as the grandson of Sir Jack Cohen, founder of Tesco and son of Dame Shirley Porter.
Mount Karisimbi is a stratovolcano in the Virunga Mountains on the border between Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo. It is currently dormant. At 4,507 metres (14,787 ft), Karisimbi is the highest of the eight major mountains of the mountain range, which is a part of Albertine Rift, the western branch of the East African Rift. Karisimbi is flanked by Mikeno to the north, Bisoke to the east and Nyiragongo to the west, on the other side of the Rift Valley. Karisimbi is the 11th highest mountain of Africa.
The name Karisimbi comes from the word 'amasimbi' in the local language, Kinyarwanda, which means snow. Snow can mostly be found during the dry season in June, July and August on the top of the volcano.
Between Karisimbi and Bisoke is the Karisoke Research Center, which was founded by Dian Fossey in order to observe the mountain gorillas living in this area.
          x
          
            p
          
          )
          
            q
          
A headcrab is a fictional alien parasitoid found in the Half-Life video game series created by Valve.
The 2017 NCAA Division I Men's Golf Championship was the 79th annual tournament to determine the national champions of NCAA Division I men's golf. It was contested from May 26 to 31 at the Rich Harvest Farms course in Sugar Grove, Illinois and hosted by Northern Illinois University. Oklahoma defeated defending champions Oregon, 3.5–1.5 and Braden Thornberry of Mississippi won the individual competition.
Frank Mountford (30 March 1923 – 27 June 2006) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City.
Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان قورئ چائ غربي) is a rural district (dehestan) in Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,382, in 878 families. The rural district has 48 villages.
Thomas Bastiaan Pleyte (23 October 1864 in Leiden – 25 March 1926 in The Hague) was a Dutch politician.
Pleyte was minister of Colonies in the Cort van der Linden cabinet. He became known as a liberal minister who founded the People's Council in 1916, a move that is widely regarded as the important first step to give the native population of the Dutch East Indies (now known as Indonesia) an equal say in government. Pleyte was fluent in Malay and Javanese.
The band was formed in late 85/early 86 by guitarist Mark and drummer Mark Drew, who recruited other members, Geoff Bell (lead gtr), Barry (bass) and Cosmo Nasty (vox). After some progress on the regional gigging circuit, dissatisfaction within the band forced some personnel changes, Geoff and Barry being replaced by Dave and Nik. They released a début album, Gasoline Junkie in 1989 on the Long Pig label, distributed by What Goes On records. They then signed to Demon Records who issued second album Plank in 1990. They then moved to Kramer's Shimmy Disc label for two further albums, Animal Rites (1990) and Strange Weather (1991), with several line-up changes taking place (the Animal Rites line-up included Greg Seeger on drums and Mick Flanagan on keyboards).  Later, John Galvin replaced Nik on bass. Animal Rites was described as "mind-numbing" by Factsheet Five, who described it: "Imagine what would have happened if someone had handed Ravi Shankar an electric guitar instead of a sitar." The band recorded a session for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show in February 1990. The Animal Rites line-up also recorded a track for a compilation album, Knowing Where It All Leeds, with Jess on vocals, as well as a track for the ShimmyDisc Rutles tribute album with a guest secret collaborator from another contemporary Leeds band, and Jonny on vocals. Their Velvets cover I'm Sticking With You, was released on one of the Heaven and Hell Velvet Underground tribute albums. In November 1991 they received a setback when they were attacked on tour and had £5,000 worth of equipment stolen. After an EP in 1992 the band split up.Singer David Tomlinson went on to form CNN/XC-NN, and later Tin Star, with former All About Eve and Sisters of Mercy guitarist Tim Bricheno.
Jahanpanah was the fourth medieval city of Delhi established in 1326–1327 by Muhammad bin Tughlaq (1325–51), of the Delhi Sultanate. To address the constant threat of the Mongols, Tughlaq built the fortified city of Jahanpanah (meaning in Persian: "Refuge of the World") subsuming the Adilabad fort that had been built in the 14th century and also all the establishments lying between Qila Rai Pithora and Siri Fort. Neither the city nor the fort has survived. Many reasons have been offered for such a situation. One of which is stated as the idiosyncratic rule of Mohammed bin Tughlaq when inexplicably he shifted the capital to Daulatabad in the Deccan and came back to Delhi soon after.The ruins of the city's walls are even now discerned in the road between Siri to Qutub Minar and also in isolated patches behind the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), in Begumpur, Khirki Masjid near Khirki village, Satpula and many other nearby locations; at some sections, as seen at Satpula, the fort walls were large enough to have few inbuilt storerooms to stack provisions and armory. The mystery of the city's precincts (complex) has unfolded over the years with later day excavations revealing a large number of monuments in the villages and colonies of South Delhi. Due to the compulsions of urban expansion of the Capital City of Delhi, Jahanpanah is now part of the upscale urban development of South Delhi. The village and the wealth of ruins scattered all around are now enclosed by South Delhi suburbs of Panchshil Park South, Malviya Nagar, Adchini, the Aurobindo Ashram, Delhi branch and other smaller housing colony developments. It is hemmed in the North–South direction between the Outer Ring Road and the Qutb Complex and on the east–west direction by the Mehrauli road and the Chirag Delhi road, with Indian Institute of Technology located on the other side of the Mehrauli road as an important landmark.
WCLD is a Gospel formatted broadcast radio station.  The station is licensed to Cleveland, Mississippi and serves Cleveland, Clarksdale, Greenville, Greenwood, and Indianola in Mississippi.  WCLD is owned by Radio Cleveland, Inc.
The  California Legislative Black Caucus, also known as the LBC, is a California political organization composed of African Americans elected to the California State Legislature.
Peter Lundy and the Medicine Hat Stallion is a television movie starring Leif Garrett which aired November 6, 1977 on NBC. It is based on the novel San Domingo, The Medicine Hat Stallion by Newbery Medal award winner Marguerite Henry. The movie was developed and produced by Ed Friendly and directed by Michael O'Herlihy from a teleplay by Jack Turley.  In 1978 Peter Lundy was awarded the Bronze Wrangler for Outstanding Western Fictional Television Program by the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum.
Johann Heinrich Ekchardt was a German typographer, printer and publisher.Johann Heinrich Eckhardt was a son of a tenant farmer in Wüst Eldena, he was appointed and sworn in at the University of Greifswald on 10 August 1793 and held the office until 1815. He published 79 works in 139 publications in Latin and German.
Kritosaurini is a tribe of saurolophine hadrosaurid dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous.
Peter Sklar () is a New York-based lecturer, educator and talent scout. The founder of the Beginnings Academy, Sklar has lectured for the past forty years throughout North America on child development, education, and the arts.
The Treaty of Raalte was signed on 1 October 1657 by Willem III and resulted in Willem giving up the stadtholdership of Overijssel, which is a province located in what is currently the central-eastern part of the Netherlands.  The conflict resolved by this treaty featured two opposing groups of towns in Overijssel: one group met at the town of Zwolle, while the other met in the town of Deventer.  The mediators who negotiated this settlement were Johan de Witt and Cornelis de Graeff.
Thomas Hearne (4 September 1826 – 13 May 1900) was an English first-class cricketer, active 1857 to 1875, who played for Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and Middlesex. He was born in Chalfont St Peter, Buckinghamshire; and died in Ealing. Hearne was a right-handed batsman, a roundarm medium-fast bowler and an occasional wicketkeeper. He was also a member of the team led by HH Stephenson that toured Australia in 1861–2, the first side from England to visit the country. For this tour the team travelled on the SS Great Britain.He and his brother George led a cricketing dynasty, which spawned thirteen first-class cricketers.
Tata Research Development and Design Centre (TRDDC) is a software research centre in Pune, India established by Tata Group's TCS in 1981.TRDDC undertakes research in Machine Learning,  Software Engineering, Process Engineering and Systems Research.
TRDDC Researchers developed TCS Code Generator Framework (formerly called MasterCraft), an artificial intelligence software that can automatically create code from a simple computer language, and rewrite the code based on the user's needs.Research at TRDDC has also resulted in the development of Swach (formerly known as Sujal), a low-cost water purifier that can be manufactured using locally available resources. TCS deployed thousands of these filters in the Indian Ocean tsunami disaster of 2004 as part of its relief activities.
Željko Poljak  (born 29 April 1959) is a Croatian basketball coach and former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia at European Championships 1981 and 1983. He was born in Crikvenica.
Yuge National College of Maritime Technology (弓削商船高等専門学校, Yuge Shōsen Kōtō Senmon Gakkō) is one of five national colleges of Maritime Technology in Japan. This college trains  deck or engineer licensed mariners.
Lionel Blair (born Henry Lionel Ogus; 12 December 1928 – 4 November 2021) was a Canadian-born British actor, choreographer, tap dancer, and television presenter. From the late 1960s until the early 1980s, he made regular appearances as a dancer and entertainer on British television. He also presented the quiz programme Name That Tune, and was a team captain on the televised charades gameshow Give Us a Clue.
Ronchi Valsugana (I Rónchi in local dialect) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 380 and an area of 10.0 square kilometres (3.9 sq mi).Ronchi Valsugana borders the following municipalities: Torcegno, Roncegno and Borgo Valsugana.
Sirak (Persian: سيرك, also Romanized as Sīrak and Sirk) is a village in Taqanak Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 310, in 79 families. The village is populated by Persians.
Yixian railway station (Chinese: 义县) is a third-class railway station in Yizhou town, Yi County, Jinzhou, Liaoning. It is located on the Xinlitun–Yixian railway and Jinzhou–Chengde railway. It was built in 1921 and is under the jurisdiction of China Railway Shenyang Group.
Private First Class David M. Gonzales (June 9, 1923 – April 25, 1945) was a United States Army soldier who posthumously received the Medal of Honor —  the United States' highest military decoration – for his actions during World War II.  On April 25, 1945, at age 21, PFC Gonzales was killed in action in the Philippines while, in the face of enemy machine gun fire, digging out fellow soldiers who had been buried in a bomb explosion.
Thorill Gylder (born 5 May 1958) is a Norwegian female former racewalking athlete and speaker. A member of Vansjø/Svinndal IL sports club, she competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. She competed three times at the IAAF World Race Walking Cup and after a fourth-place finish in 1975 she took the 5 km walk bronze medal in 1979.She broke several world records in walking during her career. She took the 20 kilometres walk world record with a time of 1:43:20 hours in 1978. This stood for nearly two years until it was beaten by Sue Cook. She twice broke the 10 km walk world record, setting a time of 48:40 minutes in 1978 before knocking over a minute off that with 47:24 minutes in 1979. Sue Cook was again the athlete to better Gylder's record, doing so in 1980. She also broke the 5000 metres race walk world record at Bislett Stadium in 1978.Gylder gained her first international experiences at regional level. She was a minor medallist at junior level at the Nordic Race Walking Championships in 1973 and 1975, behind Sweden's Siv Gustavsson and Monica Karlsson. She took her first senior medal at the competition (a bronze) in 1975 behind Swedes Margareta Simu and Elisabeth Olsson –this made her only the second Norwegian to medal after 1971 winner Thorhild Sarpebakken. She also took a silver medal indoors in the 3000 m walk at the 1978 Nordic Indoor Race Walking Championships, with Simu again topping the podium.Gylder was the dominant female walker nationally during her career, taking six consecutive 5000 metres race walk titles from 1975 to 1980 and seven straight titles in the 10 kilometres race walk discipline. Her victories followed on from those of her sister, Gerd Gylder, who was also an international walker for Norway.
Goran Dragicevic (born December 13, 1983) is an American former professional tennis player.
Outwars is a military science fiction selectable perspective tactical shooter developed by SingleTrac and published by Microsoft in 1998. The plot travels to many different planets and settings.
Guaicaro (Guaïcaro) is an extinct, unclassified language of Patagonia known only from a 19-word list and personal names.
The Guaicaro people apparently lived on the Brunswick Peninsula, bordering the Tehuelche to their northeast in around Laguna Blanca. 
The Guaicaros (also rendered Guaïkaros, Guaicurúes, Huacurúes) were apparently the same people known as the Huemules (Güemules) and Supalios.
Javier Nart Peñalver (born 19 August 1947) is a Spanish journalist and politician who has been a member of the European Parliament since 2014, currently taking part in the Renew Europe group. From 2012 until 2019, he was a member of Citizens (Cs).
Eleanor Markham (born c. 1872) was an American woman who became one of the most prominent cases of an averted premature burial in the late 19th century.
According to news reports at the time, the 22-year-old Miss Markham was pronounced dead in Sprakers, New York on July 8, 1894, by a Dr. Howard, the family physician.  Since the weather was quite warm, it was decided to have the burial quickly, and her coffin was closed and fastened after family members said goodbye on the morning of July 10.  But on the way to the graveyard, the hearse was stopped after a noise was heard coming from the coffin.  The lid was unfastened to find Miss Markham alive, exclaiming "You are burying me alive!," to which Dr. Howard reportedly said, "Hush child, you are all right.  It is a mistake easily rectified." 
Markham soon after fainted, but recovered after being administered  some stimulants.  She stated that she had been conscious the entire time of the preparations for burial, but was unable to cry out.  She fully believed she would be buried alive, when finally, using all her will, she was able to make a knocking noise to draw attention.
The fear of premature burial was a topic of substantial discussion in the late 19th and early 20th century.  Markham's case was among those included in the book Premature Burial and How It May Be Prevented by William Tebb and Edward Vollum.  Bill Bryson also mentions the "well-known case" of Markham in his 2010 book At Home: A Short History of Private Life.
Tolombeh-ye Arg (Persian: تلمبه ارگ, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ārg) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 190, in 45 families.
Charles Gerard Horan  (23 November 1923, Manchester – 15 June 2009, Manchester) was a British police detective for nearly 40 years following his service in the Second World War and a former Assistant Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police in charge of the CID.
This is a list of fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1789.
Bruno Besson (born 26 September 1979 in St. Germain-en-Laye) is a French racing driver. He has competed in such series as World Series by Nissan and the French Formula Three Championship. He won the Eurocup Formula Renault championship in 1998.
Avengers: Infinity War is a 2018 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers. Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, it is the sequel to The Avengers (2012) and Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), and the 19th film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Directed by Anthony and Joe Russo and written by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely, the film features an ensemble cast including Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Benedict Cumberbatch, Don Cheadle, Tom Holland, Chadwick Boseman, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Anthony Mackie, Sebastian Stan, Danai Gurira, Letitia Wright, Dave Bautista, Zoe Saldaña, Josh Brolin, and Chris Pratt. In the film, the Avengers and the Guardians of the Galaxy attempt to prevent Thanos from collecting the six all-powerful Infinity Stones as part of his quest to kill half of all life in the universe.
The film was announced in October 2014 as Avengers: Infinity War – Part 1. The Russo brothers came on board to direct in April 2015, and a month later Markus and McFeely had signed on to write the script for the film, which draws inspiration from Jim Starlin's 1991 comic book The Infinity Gauntlet and Jonathan Hickman's 2013 comic book Infinity. In 2016, Marvel shortened the title to Avengers: Infinity War. Filming began in January 2017 at Pinewood Atlanta Studios in Fayette County, Georgia, with a large cast consisting mostly of actors reprising their roles from previous MCU films, including Brolin as Thanos. The production lasted until July 2017, shooting back-to-back with a direct sequel, Avengers: Endgame (2019). Additional filming took place in Scotland, the Downtown Atlanta area, and New York City. With an estimated budget of $325–400 million, the film is one of the most expensive films ever made.
Avengers: Infinity War premiered in Los Angeles on April 23, 2018, and was released in the United States on April 27, as part of Phase Three of the MCU. The film received praise for Brolin's performance, visual effects, action sequences, and emotional weight, but was criticized for relying on previous MCU films for its story. The film was the fourth film and the first superhero film to gross over $2 billion worldwide, breaking numerous box office records, and becoming the highest-grossing film of 2018 and the fourth-highest-grossing film of all time both worldwide and in the United States and Canada. The film's visual effects were nominated at the 91st Academy Awards, 24th Critics' Choice Awards, and 72nd British Academy Film Awards. The sequel, Avengers: Endgame, was released in April 2019.
Pope Adrian VI (r. 1522–1523) created one new cardinal, the last cardinal from the Netherlands until the 20th century.At a consistory held on 10 September 1523, just four days before he died, Adrian created one cardinal of the order of cardinal priests.
TRECE (formerly called 13TV) is a Spanish free-to-air television channel run by the Episcopal Conference of Spain, belongs to Radio Popular group together with the radio stations COPE, Rock FM, Cadena 100 and MegaStar FM and the TV network Popular TV.
Portal da Transparência (Portuguese pronunciation: [poʁˈtaw dɐ tɾɐ̃spaˈɾẽsiɐ]) is a Brazilian government portal dedicated to making public all expenditures of the federal government. It has a list of all expenses and money transfers the federal government has made, including the list of all people receiving Bolsa Família benefits and how much they have received.
The 2014 Saharanpur Riots occurred on 25 July 2014 in the city of Saharanpur in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. The riots occurred between Muslims, led by Samajwadi Party leader Muharram Ali Pappu, and Sikhs, led by Shri Guru Singh Sabha, over a territory and religious differences. Three people were killed and several were injured. The ruling Samajwadi Party alleged that it was an act of RSS, the BJP blamed ISI and the UP police allege that the riot was well planned to divide members of the two minority communities. In February 2020, Muslims relinquished their claim to disputed Saharanpur territory as a gesture of gratitude to Sikhs.
Dmitri Lyudvigovich Tomashevich (Russian: Дмитрий Людвигович Томашевич, Ukrainian: Дмитро Людвігович Томашевич, romanized: Dmytro Liudvihovych Tomashevych) (1899–1974) was a pioneering Soviet aircraft and rocket designer, somewhat infamous as the chief designer of the Polikarpov I-180 fighter - the prototype of which crashed, killing its test pilot Valery Chkalov. Today he is less well known than his achievements deserve, in part because of the secret nature of much of his work.
A volcanic hazard is the probability a volcanic eruption or related geophysical event will occur in a given geographic area and within a specified window of time. The risk that can be associated with a volcanic hazard depends on the proximity and vulnerability of an asset or a population of people near to where a volcanic event might occur.
Show a red card to abusers (Spanish: Saca tarjeta roja al maltratador) is a campaign against domestic violence launched by the Spanish Ministry of Equality on 18 March 2010 that has the support of many famous artists, journalists and athletes.  It is considered very effective in helping "to abandon complicity  and take a step in favour of justice."The initiative encourages every citizen to show a red card as a symbol to condemn any form of gender violence and to actively fight against abuse. It is asserted during this initiative that violence has no place in society.For this campaign, the authors explain that "the objective is to generate a social movement so that everyone, personally, welcomes this symbol and makes it their own." A series of television spots has been made in order to raise awareness on the issue of violence.  Several professionals from different areas have participated (for free) with a red card saying firmly NO to any aggression against women.
The Lupa Gold Field is an area of about 2,600 square kilometres (1,000 sq mi) in south west Tanzania, north of Mbeya, that is known for its gold deposits. European mining is believed to have started after alluvial gold was found in water drawn from the Lupa River, near Lake Rukwa. Lode mining began in 1934 at Ntumbi and in 1939 at New Saza.A number of new mines have opened in the field in recent years including New Luika Gold Mine, the principal mine of Shanta Gold.
Daniel Petkovski (Macedonian: Даниел Петковски) (born 6 June 1993 in Sydney) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for NSW NPL club Rockdale Ilinden.
Home for Christmas is the fourth studio album and first Christmas album from Christian rock band BarlowGirl. It was released on September 23, 2008 by Fervent Records and was produced by Otto Price and Susan Riley for Twelve-18 Entertainment. "It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year", "Carol of the Bells / Sing We Now of Christmas", "I'll Be Home for Christmas" and "Hallelujah (Light Has Come)" were released as singles. It is BarlowGirl's sole album to deviate from a pop rock sound, as the band opts for a traditional Christmas genre instead.
Harry Belafonte (born Harold George Bellanfanti Jr., March 1, 1927) is an American singer, songwriter, activist, and actor. One of the most successful Jamaican-American pop stars, as he popularised the Trinbagonian Caribbean musical style with an international audience in the 1950s. His breakthrough album Calypso (1956) was the first million-selling LP by a single artist.Belafonte is known for his recording of  "The Banana Boat Song", with its signature lyric "Day-O". He has recorded and performed in many genres, including blues, folk, gospel, show tunes, and American standards. He has also starred in several films, including Carmen Jones (1954), Island in the Sun (1957), and Odds Against Tomorrow (1959).
Belafonte considered the actor, singer and activist Paul Robeson a mentor and was a close confidant of Martin Luther King Jr. in the Civil Rights Movement in the 1950s and 1960s. As he later recalled, "Paul Robeson had been my first great formative influence; you might say he gave me my backbone. Martin King was the second; he nourished my soul." Throughout his career, Belafonte has been an advocate for political and humanitarian causes, such as the Anti-Apartheid Movement and USA for Africa. Since 1987, he has been a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He was a vocal critic of the policies of the George W. Bush presidential administrations. Belafonte acts as the American Civil Liberties Union celebrity ambassador for juvenile justice issues.Belafonte has won three Grammy Awards (including a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award), an Emmy Award, and a Tony Award. In 1989, he received the Kennedy Center Honors. He was awarded the National Medal of Arts in 1994. In 2014, he received the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award at the Academy's 6th Annual Governors Awards.
Illiesa Toga is a Fijian former professional rugby league footballer who represented Fiji in the 1995 World Cup.
New Chardon Street is a street in downtown Boston, Massachusetts, United States, north of Government Center. It begins at Cambridge Street at Bowdoin Square, across from Bowdoin Street. The two-way street continues east across Congress Street, ending at Haymarket Square with access to the Sumner and Callahan Tunnels (Route 1A) and the Central Artery (I-93/U.S. 1/Route 3), as well as local access to Washington Street North and the Surface Artery.
The USTA Tennis Classic of Troy was a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor clay courts. The event was classified as a $25,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament. It was held annually in Troy, Alabama, United States from 2003 to 2012. The tournament was a $50,000 tournament until its last edition in 2012 where it was downgraded to $25,000.
The Double-Tongued Dictionary is an online dictionary. It catalogs a growing lexicon of undocumented or under-documented words on the fringes of English, focusing on slang, jargon, and new words.Formerly known as the Double-Tongued Word Wrester, the dictionary strives to record terms and expressions that are omitted, or are poorly covered, in mainstream dictionaries. It also features definitions and citations of strange and unusual words or phrases such as "parergon," "epigenetics," and "bleeding deacon."
The information on this site is compiled, written and edited by lexicographer Grant Barrett.
Scipione l'africano (1937) — in English Scipio Africanus: The Defeat of Hannibal — is an Italian historical film that focuses on Publius Cornelius Scipio (Scipio Africanus) from the time of his election as proconsul until his defeat of Hannibal at the Battle of Zama in 202 BC. It was directed by Carmine Gallone and stars Annibale Ninchi and Camillo Pilotto.  The film was funded by Benito Mussolini and was released in 1937, serving as propaganda for the fascist ambitions in North Africa.
A division of the Italian army was used as extras in the film, shortly before being transferred to duty in the Spanish Civil War.
Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine is an action-adventure video game by LucasArts released in 1999. The first 3D installment in the series, its gameplay focuses on solving puzzles, fighting enemies, and completing various platforming sections. The story is set in 1947, after the events of Indiana Jones and the Iron Phoenix, and puts the eponymous protagonist, the adventurer Indiana Jones, against the Soviet Union. In a race for a mythological Babylonian power source, he joins forces with the Central Intelligence Agency and collects four pieces of the Infernal Machine, an ancient device that allegedly opens a portal to another dimension.
The title was designed, written, and directed by Hal Barwood, who considered the Indiana Jones franchise a perfect fit for the action-adventure genre. Initially developed for the Microsoft Windows operating systems, the game later received an enhanced Nintendo 64 port jointly developed with Factor 5 released exclusively in North America, as well as a 2D version for the Game Boy Color created by HotGen. Infernal Machine received generally favorable reviews, having been praised for its detailed storyline and sophisticated level designs, though widely criticized for its unwieldy control scheme.
Phosphatidylinositol-4-phosphate 3-kinase C2 domain-containing gamma polypeptide is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the PIK3C2G gene.The protein encoded by this gene belongs to the phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) family. PI3-kinases play roles in signaling pathways involved in cell proliferation, oncogenic transformation, cell survival, cell migration, and intracellular protein trafficking. This protein contains a lipid kinase catalytic domain as well as a C-terminal C2 domain, a characteristic of class II PI3-kinases. C2 domains act as calcium-dependent phospholipid binding motifs that mediate translocation of proteins to membranes, and may also mediate protein-protein interactions. The biological function of this gene has not yet been determined.
Minitab is a statistics package developed at the Pennsylvania State University by researchers Barbara F. Ryan, Thomas A. Ryan, Jr., and Brian L. Joiner in conjunction with Triola Statistics Company in 1972. It began as a light version of OMNITAB 80, a statistical analysis program by National Institute of Standards and Technology.
Symphonie Celtique ("Celtic Symphony"), subtitled "Tir na nOg", a folk-rock album by Alan Stivell, originally released as a double LP in 1980 by CBS France, catalogue number CBS 88487. In 1987, it was published by Rounder Records in CD 11523. Digitally remastered and reissued on CD  by Disques Dreyfus, catalogue number FDM 36196–2.
Composed entirely by Stivell, featuring instrumental arrangements by Stivell assisted by Christopher Hayward and Michel Prezman, and with over 70 musicians contributing, this was a large undertaking. As well as embracing the classic Stivell fare of Breton, Scottish and Irish instrumentation, this early nod at world music includes oriental and African sounds as well as a full orchestra and lavish production values. On the original vinyl release, the "three circle" symphonic construction was emphasised in the track listings to a greater extent than with the subsequent CD reissue.
The original double LP was packaged in a gatefold sleeve whose interior featured a still from the Roman Polanski film Tess depicting Stonehenge in the mist.
The Toronto sound was a characteristic R&B sound in the 1960s, heavily influenced by US American R&B. Musically, its components typically consisted of heavy electric bass, New Orleans-style drumming, a dominant Hammond organ, and soul singing. Bands typically presented full shows complete with choreography like that of James Brown & the Famous Flames, and a matching wardrobe (cf. Mandala). Popular tunes were arranged by Toronto musicians, devotees of the Stax and Motown labels, and customized according to the will of the given bandleader. This sound came to influence many performers.
Musicians typically played in two areas of Toronto, Ontario. The first was Yorkville, then a centre for entertainment - initially coffeehouses and folk music but later becoming more "electrified." The second area was Yonge Street between King St. and Bloor which was more rock and roll, blues oriented.
The W. E. Mauger House is a historic Queen Anne style home in Albuquerque, New Mexico. It was built around 1896 by Maude Goodlander and Martha Talbott, but is most closely associated with William and Brittania Mauger, who owned it from 1907 to 1932. Later, it was converted into a boarding house and remained in use as rental housing until the 1980s. Starting in 1985, the building was restored to its original appearance and has operated as a bed and breakfast since 1987. It is a 2 1/2 story brick house with a hip roof, asymmetrical front elevation with a large entrance porch, and a two-level sleeping porch on the west side. The house was added to the New Mexico State Register of Cultural Properties and the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 as "701 Roma NW".
The giant danio (Devario aequipinnatus) is a tropical fish belonging to the minnow family Cyprinidae.  Originating in Sri Lanka, Nepal, and the west coast of India, this species grows to a maximum length of 4-6 inches (10-15 cm), making it one of the largest of the danionins.  It is characterized by a blue and yellow, torpedo-shaped body with gray and clear fins.
In the wild, giant danios live in clear streams and rivers among hills at elevations up to 1000 ft (300 m) above sea level.  Their native substrate is small gravel.  They are native to a tropical climate and prefer water with a 6-8 pH, a water hardness of 5.0-19.0 dGH, and a temperature range of 72-81 °F (22-27 °C).  As surface dwellers, their diets consist predominantly of exogenous insects, but is also supplemented by worms and crustaceans.
In captivity, giant danios will usually accept most foods.  They are a somewhat aggressive fish, and may bully other fish in community tanks.  Giant danios appreciate water movement to simulate the motion of the rivers and fast-moving streams of their origins, and prefer to school.
Giant danios are also used as dither fish in South and Central American cichlid aquariums. The larger cichlids chase and defend their territories against the giant danios, which allows the cichlids to exhibit more natural behavior.
As egg-scatterers, danios produce around 300 eggs in a single spawning.  They spawn in clumps of plants.
A so-called "golden giant danio", sometimes seen, is in reality a partial albino fish. Devario affinis, Devario browni, Devario malabaricus, and Devario strigillifer were originally deemed synonyms, but are now valid species.
"The One Hundredth" (also known as "The One with the Triplets") is the third episode of Friends' fifth season and 100th episode overall. It first aired on the NBC network in the United States on October 8, 1998. Continuing from the previous episode, the group arrive at the hospital after Phoebe (Lisa Kudrow) goes into labor and gives birth to her half brother Frank's (Giovanni Ribisi) and his wife Alice's (Debra Jo Rupp) triplets. Meanwhile, Rachel (Jennifer Aniston) tries to set Monica (Courteney Cox) and herself up with two male nurses, which causes problems between Monica and Chandler (Matthew Perry), and Ross (David Schwimmer) supports Joey (Matt LeBlanc) as he experiences kidney stones.
The episode was directed by Kevin S. Bright and co-written by series creators David Crane & Marta Kauffman. The producers wanted to mark the landmark episode with a major event, choosing to bring a culmination to Phoebe's surrogacy storyline. Earlier scripts had the character insistent on keeping hold of the babies, with the writers later deciding it would be better off having a sendoff, to keep it dramatic. In its original broadcast on NBC, "The One Hundredth" acquired a 17.7 Nielsen rating, finishing the week ranked second and received good reviews since airing.
Nassima Ben Hamouda (born October 20, 1973 in Villeurbanne, France) is a retired  Algerian international volleyball player.
The Overlook Film Festival is an annual film festival that takes place each May, showcasing horror films and live performances. The inaugural event took place at the Timberline Lodge in Mount Hood, Oregon in 2017. Since 2018, the festival has been held in New Orleans, Louisiana.
These are the Official Charts Company's UK Independent Singles Chart number-one singles of 2018.
Arcola is an unincorporated community and coal town in Webster County, West Virginia, United States.
The name Arcola ("our coal") was selected by coal mining officials.
Earnley is a civil and ecclesiastical parish in the Chichester District of West Sussex, England. It is located four miles (6.4 km) south-west of Chichester, and lies on the south coast of England. The parish includes the settlements of Almodington and Batchmere.
Adolph Lomb House is a historic home located at Pittsford in Monroe County, New York. It is a large 1+1⁄2-story building with a gable roof oriented to the facade.  It was built in 1907 of poured concrete faced in brick.  It was built as the focal point of a large farm / summer estate for Adolph Lomb, eldest son of Henry Lomb (1848–1908), one of the co-founders of the Rochester-based optical company Bausch and Lomb.The House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.  Until recently, the building housed the headquarters of the Pittsford Central School District.  After the renovation of Barker Road Middle School, most administrative offices moved to Barker's east wing.  Today, the Lomb house contains offices of Sutherland's administration, as well as a few minor district-wide offices.
Xishui County (simplified Chinese: 习水县; traditional Chinese: 習水縣; pinyin: Xíshuǐ Xiàn) is a county in the north of Guizhou province, China, bordering Sichuan province to the southwest. It is under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Zunyi.
"Flame" is a song by English band Sundara Karma. It was originally released on 4 June 2015 as a standalone single, and re-released on 11 November 2016 as the lead single for their debut studio album, Youth Is Only Ever Fun in Retrospect. The original single was released through Chess Club Records, while the re-released single was released through Sony Music.
Giuseppe Marchioro (born 13 March 1936) is an Italian professional former footballer and manager.
Carl Czerny (German: [ˈtʃɛʁniː]; 21 February 1791 – 15 July 1857) was an Austrian composer, teacher, and pianist of Czech origin whose music spanned the late Classical and early Romantic eras. His vast musical production amounted to over a thousand works and his books of studies for the piano are still widely used in piano teaching. He was one of Ludwig van Beethoven's best-known pupils.
My Best to You is a compilation album by American singer Donny Osmond. It contains his hit songs from his first four albums: The Donny Osmond Album, To You with Love, Donny, Portrait of Donny, and Too Young. The album reached number 29 on the Billboard Top LPs chart on February 3, 1973.  It was certified Gold by the RIAA on September 14, 1973.
Joe Rickson (born Oscar Erickson; September 6, 1880 – January 8, 1958) was an American actor of the silent era. He appeared in 90 films between 1913 and 1945. He was born in Clearcreek, Montana and died in Los Angeles, California.
Reverend James McGregor was a Scotch-Irish Presbyterian minister who led a migration from the Bann Valley in Ireland, to Nutfield, New Hampshire, in 1718.
Ditzingen is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is located approximately 10 km northwest of Stuttgart, and 12 km southwest of Ludwigsburg. The Hirschlanden transmitter was located near Ditzingen-Hirschlanden. Ditzingen is the home of Bürger GmbH, Reclam and also Trumpf GmbH.
The Heritage 20 is an American trailerable sailboat that was designed by Andras Davidhazy as a cruiser and first built in 1967.
Clover is a town in York County, South Carolina, United States located in the greater Charlotte, North Carolina, metropolitan area. As of 2010, the population was at 5,094 within the town limits.
Clover is twinned with the Northern Irish town of Larne on County Antrim's East Coast.
David Pines (June 8, 1924 – May 3, 2018) was the founding director of the Institute for Complex Adaptive Matter (ICAM) and the International Institute for Complex Adaptive Matter (I2CAM) (respectively, United States-wide and international institutions dedicated to research in and the understanding of emergent phenomena), distinguished professor of physics, University of California, Davis, research professor of physics and professor emeritus of physics and electrical and computer engineering in the Center for Advanced Study, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign (UIUC), and a staff member in the office of the Materials, Physics, and Applications Division at the Los Alamos National Laboratory.His seminal contributions to the theory of many-body systems and to theoretical astrophysics were recognized by two Guggenheim Fellowships, the Feenberg Medal, the Edward A. Frieman Prize for Excellence in Graduate Student Research, Dirac and Drucker prizes, and by his election to the National Academy of Sciences, American Philosophical Society, American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Russian Academy of Sciences, and Hungarian Academy of Sciences and visiting professorships at the California Institute of Technology, College de France, Trinity College, Cambridge, University of Leiden, and the Université de Paris.
He was the founding director of the Center for Advanced Study, UIUC (1968–70), was vice-president of the Aspen Center for Physics from 1968 to 1972, founder and  co-chair of  the US-USSR Cooperative Program in Physics, 1968–89; and a co-founder, vice-president,  chair of the board of trustees, and co-chair of the science board of the Santa Fe Institute, from 1982 to 1996.
He was the organizer or co-organizer of fifteen workshops and two summer schools of theoretical physics, was an honorary trustee and honorary member of the Aspen Center for Physics, and a member of the board of overseers at Sabancı University in Istanbul. Pines died on May 3, 2018 due to pancreatic cancer.
HMCS Fundy (J88), a  Fundy-class minesweeper that served the Royal Canadian Navy from 1938 to 1945.
HMCS Fundy (MCB 145), a Bay-class minesweeper sold to France as La Dunkerquoise in 1954, stricken 1984.
HMCS Fundy (MCB 159), a Bay-class minesweeper that served Canada from 1956 to 1996.
What you see is what you meant (WYSIWYM) is a text editing interaction technique that emerged from two projects at University of Brighton. It allows users to create abstract knowledge representations such as those required by the Semantic Web using a natural language interface. Natural language understanding (NLU) technology is not employed. Instead,  natural language generation (NLG) is used in a highly interactive manner.
The text editor accepts repeated refinement of a selected span of text as it becomes increasingly less vacuous of authored semantics. Using a mouse, a text property held in the evolving text can be further refined by a set of options derived by NLG from a built-in ontology. An invisible representation of the semantic knowledge is created which can be used for multilingual document generation, formal knowledge formation, or any other task that requires formally specified information.The two projects at Brighton worked in the field of Conceptual Authoring to lay a foundation for further research and development of a Semantic Web Authoring Tool (SWAT). This tool has been further explored as a means for developing a knowledge base by those without prior experience with Controlled Natural Language tools.
Tutankhamun and the Daughter of Ra is a novel written by Moyra Caldecott in 1989. It was first published in 1990 as Daughter of Ra in paperback by Arrow Books Limited (ISBN 0-09-959870-1).
WTUG-FM (92.9 FM) is a radio station serving the Tuscaloosa, Alabama, vicinity with an urban adult contemporary format. Licensed to Northport, Alabama, United States. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.In February 2005, Apex Broadcasting Inc. (Houston L. Pearce, chairman) reached an agreement to sell WTUG-FM and six other radio stations in Alabama to Citadel Broadcasting (Farid Suleman, chairman/CEO) for a reported sale price of $29 million. Citadel merged with Cumulus Media on September 16, 2011.Cumulus sold WTUG-FM and its sister stations to Townsquare Media on July 31, 2012.
WTUG-FM provides regular weather coverage from WBMA-LD chief meteorologist James Spann. During times of active severe, tropical, and Winter weather events, WTUG-FM provides West Alabama's only live and local weather coverage on the radio, with local, in-house, Staff Meteorologist Bobby Best.
Additionally, under the ownership of Townsquare Media and the direction of Market President/Chief Revenue Officer David R. Dubose, WTUG-FM also provides West Alabama radio's only live and local news coverage with News Director Don Hartley and West Alabama's only live and local traffic coverage with Traffic Reporter Capt'n Ray.
On December 20, 2017, WTUG-FM's HD3 subchannel flipped from adult album alternative as "Birmingham Mountain Radio" to classic hits as "Nick 97.5", named for University of Alabama coach Nick Saban, with the first song being "Sweet Home Alabama" by Lynyrd Skynrd. On January 24, 2022, the HD3 subchannel flipped to soft oldies as "97.5 MeTV-FM".
The 1998 Copenhagen Open was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Copenhagen, Denmark that was part of the International Series of the 1998 ATP Tour. It was the eleventh edition of the tournament and was held from March 9 through March 15, 1998.
The Marucelliana Library or Biblioteca Marucelliana, is a public library, founded by the mid-18th century, and located on Via Camillo Cavour # 43, in Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.
The First League of the Republika Srpska (Serbo-Croatian: Prva liga Republike Srpske / Прва лига Републике Српске) is a second level football competition in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The league champion is promoted to the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Relegated teams, depending on how many get relegated, fall to the Second League of the Republika Srpska.
The 1953 National League Division Two was the eighth post-war season of the second tier of motorcycle speedway in Great Britain.
Last Words of the Emperor Marcus Aurelius is an 1844 painting by the French artist Eugène Delacroix, now in the Museum of Fine Arts of Lyon. A preliminary sketch of the painting that was given to Delacroix's student Louis de Planet is also kept in the museum.
Pantheon Macroeconomics is an economic research consultancy founded by Wall Street Journal Economic Survey 2014 US forecaster of the year, Ian Shepherdson.  The firm is located in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
Paul Godet des Marais (1647–1709) was a French Bishop of Chartres.
Marais was born at Talcy, near Blois.  He studied at Saint-Sulpice, took the doctorate of theology at the Sorbonne, was ordained, and became (1677) superior of the Séminaire des Trente-Trois. Louis XIV nominated him (1690) to the see of Chartres, but owing to difficulties between France and the Holy see the papal confirmation came only on 21 January 1692. 
As spiritual director of Mme de Maintenon, for whom he wrote Lettres de direction, Godet used his influence to have Mme Guyon removed from Saint-Cyr. A staunch opponent of quietism, he signed with Cardinal Louis-Antoine de Noailles and Bossuet the Declaratio condemning Fénelon's Maximes des saints (1697)
He then wrote (1698) several ordonnances, or pastoral letters, against the mysticism of Molinos, Fénelon, and Mme Guyon. He also did much to destroy Jansenism in France, refuted the cas de conscience (1703), commanded obedience to the papal constitution of Pope Clement XI (1705), and severely censured Gaspard Juénin's Institutions théologiques (1708). 
His zeal and charity as well as his orthodoxy, were set forth in an epitaph written by his successor, Monstiers de Mérinville.  He died at Chartres.
Ignacio Cechi (born 26 July 2001) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Club Atlético Mitre.
Alphonse Berns (born April 9, 1952) is a senior Luxembourg diplomat in the rank of Ambassador extraordinary and plenipotentiary. He has served as his country's Ambassador in Washington, DC, London, Brussels, to NATO as well as to the UN and WTO in Geneva. Currently he holds the position of Director General for Fiscal Policy in the Ministry of Finance in Luxembourg.
Berns holds a degree in international and EU law from the University of Aix-en-Provence, France, and is an alumnus of the Center for European Studies in Nancy, France.
In 1977, Berns entered the Luxembourg diplomatic service. In 1978 he became a non-resident member of his country's permanent representation to the Council of Europe. From 1979 to 1986 he served as Deputy Permanent Representative to NATO in Brussels. Upon return to Luxembourg, he was mandated to develop and run a new Budget and Administration Department at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In 1989 he became the Director for EU and international economic relations, foreign trade as well as development cooperation. In this function he served i.a. as Luxembourg's negotiator for the Schengen Agreement and as chief negotiator for civil aviation agreements. In 1991, Berns was promoted to the post of Ambassador to the United States of America, also accredited to Canada and Mexico.
Between 1998 and 2002 he held the top diplomatic civil servant job as Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation. In 1999 he also became Secretary General of the Ministry of Defense.  In 2002, Berns moved to Geneva as Permanent Representative to the UN and the WTO.
In 2005, he became Ambassador to Belgium and Permanent Representative to NATO in Brussels.  In autumn 2011, Berns was named Ambassador to the Court of St. James's in London, also accredited to Ireland and Iceland.
Between 1989 and 1991, Berns served on a number of boards in Luxembourg, among them the national credit and investment bank SNCI and the national air-carrier, Luxair. He currently is a member of the board of Cargolux, the national freight carrier.
Kürşat Duymuş, (born 1 February 1979 in Muş, Turkey) is a retired Turkish football defender.
Duymuş previously played for Şekerspor, Çaykur Rizespor, Ankaraspor, Beşiktaş, Trabzonspor, Kayseri Erciyesspor and Orduspor.
Bon Abbas Gol Bag Mir (Persian: بن عباس گل بگ مير, also Romanized as Bon ‘Abbās Gol Bag Mīr; also known as Gol Bag Mīr) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 6 families.
Resimli Ay (Ottoman Turkish: رسملى آى) was an Ottoman-Turkish magazine published in Istanbul between 1924 and 1938. The first issue of the magazine appeared on 1 February 1924. Seven volumes with a total of 72 issues were produced during its existence. The magazine was founded by the journalist couple Zekeriya and Sabiha Sertel who studied in the US and wanted to contribute to improving the political and economic living conditions - especially of Turkish women and to the intellectual education of the Turkish population. The magazine was thus a publication organ for the socialist and avant-garde requirements of the 1920s.In addition to Sabiha and Zekeriya Sertel, the latter general director of the new republic and co-founder of the Istanbul daily Cumhuriyet, influential intellectuals such as Sabahattin Ali and Suat Derviş, as well as the Marxist-influenced poet Nazim Hikmet were among the authors. Zekeriya Sertel's critical attitude towards the Turkish state within the framework of the republican movement led to his arrest in May 1925, which resulted in the takeover of the financial and editorial management as well as the production of the magazine by his wife Sabiha Sertel. In 1926 the journal was censored by state and was published under the new title Sevimli Ay for the following two years. Between 1927 and 1938 the publication of the journal continued under its original title Resimli Ay - from now on in Latin scripture - with some interruptions.At the beginning the magazine was published monthly. It contained around forty large-format pages per issue and costed 25 Kurus which made it five times more expensive than an average daily newspaper. Despite its high price, Resimli Ay became a popular publication among the Turkish population and dealt with social issues in the form of editorials, opinion surveys, reader's letters, short stories and poems as well as self-help articles. In addition to dealing with contrasting aspects such as child poverty and factory work versus nightclubs and dance trends, the role of the modern Turkish woman played a major role. Glamorous illustrations in the style of Vanity Fair or Vogue were intended to draw a cosmopolitan picture of women in public sphere and reflected the urban elite of Istanbul. Thus the first edition under the title "Bugünkü Türk Kadınlar" ("Turkish Women Today") was dedicated to the cosmopolitan woman of post-war period in Istanbul.
Parque Municipal dos Desportos de Fafe is a multi-use stadium in Fafe, Portugal.  It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of AD Fafe. The stadium is able to hold 8,000 people.  It was built  in 1968 and it is used by AD Fafe which currently plays in Portuguese Third Division.
Konter a Matt,  “Kontra a Matt” or “Konter a Midd” is a Luxembourgish trick-taking card game played by four players. The game is popular enough to have been televised on RTL, Luxembourg's leading TV station and for tournaments to be organised.
Morton Mintz (born January 26, 1922) is an American investigative journalist who in his early years (1946–1958) reported for two St. Louis, Missouri, newspapers, the Star-Times and the Globe-Democrat; and then, most notably The Washington Post (1958–1988). He exposed such scandals as thalidomide and the Dalkon Shield. Since 2004 he has been a Senior Adviser to Nieman Watchdog.
Radu Eduard Ciobanu (born 1 September 1975) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a centre back.
Playing in his first years for Aerostar Bacău, Ciobanu was transferred to FCM Bacău, where he played for ten years in the first two football leagues of Romania. His contract expired in 2004, and spent a year without a team. Ciobanu returned in Romanian football at the age of 30, signing a contract with Politehnica Iaşi.
Frederick C. Hatfield (October 21, 1942 – May 14, 2017), nicknamed Dr. Squat, was an American world champion powerlifter and PhD holder in sports sciences. He was also the co-founder and president of the International Sports Sciences Association, an organization of fitness experts which certifies personal fitness trainers from around the world. He went on to make the ICOPRO bodybuilding protein and supplements for Vince McMahon's World Bodybuilding Federation. After the promotion folded, McMahon continued to market the product until 1995.
François-Xavier Bellamy (born 11 October 1985) is a French philosopher, author, high-school teacher and politician. He was a deputy mayor of Versailles and is now Member of the European Parliament.
The Berlin Crucifixion is a tempera and gold on panel painting that was created c. 1320 and is attributed to Giotto. It is stored at the Gemäldegalerie in Berlin.
Creedmoor Psychiatric Center is a psychiatric hospital at 79-26 Winchester Boulevard in Queens Village, Queens, New York, United States. It provides inpatient, outpatient and residential services for severely mentally ill patients. The practical nurses and nurse assistants live and work on the property. The hospital occupies more than 300 acres (1.2 km2) and includes more than 50 buildings.The site was named after the Creed family, which farmed on the site. It later was used as a firing range from the 1870s till 1892. The Farm Colony of Brooklyn State Hospital was opened on the site in 1912, with 32 patients. By 1959, the hospital housed 7,000 inpatients. The hospital's census declined by the early 1960s, and unused portions were sold off and developed into the Queens County Farm Museum, a school campus, and a children's psychiatric center.
Amashiyeh-ye Do (Persian: عماشيه دو, also Romanized as ‘Amāshīyeh-ye Do, ‘Amāsheyeh-ye Do, and ‘Ammāshīyeh-ye Do; also known as ‘Amāshīyeh) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 84, in 17 families.
Nassarius arcularia, the casket nassa or the little box dog whelk, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.There are two subspecies :
Nassarius arcularius arcularius (Linnaeus, 1758) accepted as Nassarius arcularia arcularia (Linnaeus, 1758)
In control theory, a controlled invariant subspace of the state space representation of some system is a subspace such that, if the state of the system is initially in the subspace, it is possible to control the system so that the state is in the subspace at all times. This concept was introduced by Giuseppe Basile and Giovanni Marro (Basile & Marro 1969).
The Dayton trolleybus system forms part of the public transportation network serving Dayton, in the state of Ohio, United States.  Opened on April 23, 1933, it presently comprises five lines, and is operated by the Greater Dayton Regional Transit Authority, with a fleet of 45 trolleybuses.
One of only five such systems currently operating in the U.S., and the only one in a city without a subway, light rail, or streetcar system, the Dayton trolley bus system is the current manifestation of an electric transit service that has been operated continuously in Dayton since 1888 — longer than in any other city in the United States.  By the 1970s, Dayton was already the smallest U.S. city still operating a trolley bus system.  For both of these reasons, the city's trolley buses are locally considered an icon of Dayton.
Paul Franklin Crouch Jr. /kraʊtʃ/ (born March 13, 1959) is an American Christian broadcaster. He is chairman and chief studio designer for Cinemills Corporation. However, he is best known for his long association with the Trinity Broadcasting Network (TBN), which was founded by his parents Paul and Jan Crouch. His teachings along with TBN are based around Prosperity Theology.
Sarolangun Regency is a regency of Jambi Province, Indonesia. It is located on the island of Sumatra. The regency has an area of 6,184 km² and had a population of 246,245 at the 2010 census, 277,733 at the 2015 census and 290,047 at the 2020 census. The administrative centre is at the town of Sarolangun.
The 2011–12 Guadalajara season was the 65th professional season of Mexico's top-flight football league. The season is split into two tournaments—the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura—each with identical formats and each contested by the same eighteen teams. Guadalajara began their season on July 23, 2011 against Atlante, winning 2-0. Guadalajara play their homes games on Saturdays at 7:00pm local time.
Thomas Hylkema (born 20 August  1988) is a Dutch racing driver, who drove for Tech 1 Racing in the GP3 Series in 2011. He is the brother of Bart Hylkema, a British Formula 3 racer.
Joaquim Pinto de Andrade (1926 – February 23, 2008) served as the first honorary President of the People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA), Chancellor of the Luanda Archdiocese, and as a member of the African Society of Culture. He died on February 23, 2008 at his home in Luanda following a long illness, the same day as fellow MPLA politician Gentil Ferreira Viana.Pinto de Andrade was arrested by the Portuguese security forces after the start of the Angolan War of Independence in July 1961 and was kept in prison or under house arrest until being brought to trial in Lisbon in February 1971 charged with crimes against the security of the State. His trial with nine other people provoked protests including a strike at Coimbra University.In the 1990s, Pinto de Andrade abandoned his condition of a Catholic priest and married to Vitória Almeida e Sousa, a pediatrician. They had two children.
Lyndal Anne Roper  (born 1956) is a historian. She was born in Melbourne, Australia.  She works on German history of the sixteenth to eighteenth centuries, and has written a biography of Martin Luther. Her research centres on gender and the Reformation, witchcraft, and visual culture. In 2011 she was appointed to Regius Chair of History at the University of Oxford, the first woman and first Australian to hold this position.
Sultan al Haseri (died July 9, 2005) was a citizen of Saudi Arabia who was killed during a shootout with Saudi security officials in 2005.
Al Haseri and nine other men were surrounded by security officials for three days.
Al Haseri and four other men named on Saudi Arabia's list of most wanted terrorist suspects were killed
The five men, Al Haseri, Zaid al-Samari, Saleh al-Fraidi, Nayef al-Jeheishi and Mohammad al-Suwailmi had just been placed two weeks earlier on a list of 36 men wanted by Saudi security officials.
Security officials elected not to storm the hideout because it was in a residential neighborhood and was believed to be packed with explosives.The Khaleej Times reported that Saudi security officials asserted Al Haseri had “taken part in the abduction and killing of a (foreign) resident.”
The Khaleej Times speculated the foreign resident was Paul Johnson, an American engineer, who was kidnapped and beheaded in June 2004.
Yong Peng bread, or also known as Hock Chew style bread, is a type of bread baked by the Chinese people of Yong Peng. It is a type of traditional bread, in round shape, baked with yeasts, and comes in 2 varieties. The plain sweetened version is the mainstream type, while the sesame type is the other type. This bread is very unusual because it is still being baked and produced using traditional methods. Often wrapped in thin plastic and newspaper, it does not have any labels, nor any nutritional and calorie contents. It can be kept for a very long timely by storing it in a freezer.
Trametes trogii is a species of fungus belonging to the family Polyporaceae.It has almost cosmopolitan distribution.Synonym:
Conrado Nalé Roxlo (February 15, 1898 – July 2, 1971) was an Argentine writer, journalist and humorist, who was born and died in Buenos Aires. He was an author of poetry, plays, film scripts and pastiches in prose, and also the director of two humor magazines: Don Goyo and Esculapión.
In 1945 he won the National Prize of Theatre for his play El cuervo del arca (The Ark's Raven) and in 1955 he was awarded with the National Prize of Literature for his short story collection Las puertas del purgatorio (The Purgatory Gates).
He also wrote children's literature and the biographies, along with Mabel Mármol, of Alfonsina Storni and Amado Villar.
Egidijus Balčiūnas (born 7 May 1975, in Marijampolė) is a Lithuanian sprint canoer. He won seven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-2 200 m: 2001, 2002, 2003), two silvers (K-2 200 m: 2005, K-2 500 m: 2001), and two bronzes (K-2 500 m: 2003, 2005).
Balčiūnas also competed in four Summer Olympics, earning his best finish of seventh in the K-2 500 m event at Athens in 2004.
Balčiūnas now lives in Vilnius. He is 189 cm (6 ft 2 in) tall and weighs 89 kg (196 lb).
Kikepera Nature Reserve is a nature reserve which is located in Pärnu County, Estonia.The area of the nature reserve is 10,733 ha.The protected area was founded in 2007 on the basis of Kikepera Protected Area (Estonian: Kikepera hoiuala).
Colchester United Football Club Under-23s are the under-23 team of Colchester United Football Club. They play in the South Division of the Professional U21 Development League 2, the second tier of reserve football in England. The team mostly consists of the club's under-23 players, although senior players have occasionally made appearances for the side, for instance, during recovery from injury. The team are coached by  Richard Hall.
Colchester United Football Club Academy are the youth team of Colchester United Football Club. They play in the South Division of the Professional U18 Development League 2, the second tier of youth football in England. The team are coached by Liam Bailey.
The under-23 team play their home games at either the Colchester Community Stadium or the club's training ground, Florence Park in Tiptree. The under-18's also use Florence Park for their home matches.
Baat Bann Gayi (transl. It's final, then!) is a Hindi comedy film directed by Shuja Ali, presented by Vibhu Agarwal and produced by Sayed Asif Jah and Megha Agarwal. It features Ali Fazal, Gulshan Grover, Anisa Butt, Amrita Raichand, Razak Khan and Akshay Singh. It was filmed in Mumbai and Singapore.
Jean-Baptiste Prosper Jollois (4 January 1776 – 24 June 1842) was a French engineer who together with Édouard de Villiers du Terrage journeyed with Napoleon to Egypt, and prepared the Description de l'Égypte.
The Lincoln Experimental Satellite series was designed and built by Lincoln Laboratory at Massachusetts Institute of Technology between 1965 and 1976, under USAF sponsorship, for testing devices and techniques for satellite communication.
The Royal Society of Chemistry grants a number of medals and awards. 
All those named "prize" (except the Beilby Medal and Prize) are awarded with a £5,000 bursary. The Chemistry World Entrepreneur of the Year award has one of £4,000.
Zhuozi Mountain or Zhuozi Shan (Chinese: 桌子山; pinyin: Zhuōzi shān), also known as Mount Zhuozi or West Zhuozi Mountain (西桌子山), is located in the east of Wuhai City, Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, in the west of the Ordos Plateau.
The 6th Military District was an administrative district of the Australian Army. During the Second World War, the 6th Military District covered all of Tasmania, with its headquarters at Hobart.
Around the start of the Second World War, the 6th Military District became part of Southern Command, along with the 3rd and 4th Military Districts in Victoria and South Australia. This required legislative changes to the Defence Act (1903), and did not come into effect until October 1939.
The Super Bowl XXXV halftime show took place on January 28, 2001 at the Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida as part of Super Bowl XXXV. The show was titled, "The Kings of Rock and Pop". It was headlined by Aerosmith and NSYNC, and also featured appearances from Mary J. Blige, Britney Spears, Nelly, Tremors, and The Earthquake Horns.
Ballingham railway station is a disused stone built railway station that served the villages of Ballingham and Carey in Herefordshire on the Hereford, Ross and Gloucester Railway. It was situated between Ballingham Railway Bridge and Ballingham Tunnel, two of the most substantial structures on the Great Western Railway line which linked Ross-on-Wye and Hereford. Originally proposed by the owner of Ballingham Court the station had a limited service and was never well used. It closed, along with the line, on 2 November 1964.
The station building has been extended and is now a private house. The platform is still in existence.
Couffy (French pronunciation: ​[kufi]) is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Maurice is a 1987 British romantic drama film directed by James Ivory, based on the 1971 novel Maurice by E. M. Forster.  The film stars James Wilby as Maurice, Hugh Grant as Clive and Rupert Graves as Alec. The supporting cast includes Denholm Elliott as Dr Barry, Simon Callow as Mr Ducie, Billie Whitelaw as Mrs Hall, and Ben Kingsley as Lasker-Jones.
The film was produced by Ismail Merchant via Merchant Ivory Productions and Film Four International, and written by Ivory and Kit Hesketh-Harvey, with cinematography by Pierre Lhomme. It is a tale of gay love in the restrictive and repressed culture of Edwardian England. The story follows its main character, Maurice Hall, through university, a tumultuous relationship, struggling to fit into society, and ultimately being united with his life partner.
Sunset Lake is a lake in Holly Springs, North Carolina, part of the central North Carolina near Cary, NC and Apex, NC. Covering 125 acres in southwestern Wake County.  The lake is owned by the Sunset Lake Homeowners Association.
Albert Rusnák (born 7 July 1994) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Major League Soccer club Seattle Sounders and for Slovakia as a right-winger.
Chromatoidal bodies are aggregations of ribosomes found in cysts of some amoebae including Entamoeba histolytica and Entamoeba coli. They exist in the cytoplasm and are dark staining.
Emeric Santo (14 June 1921 – 29 July 2011) was an Australian fencer. He competed in the team sabre event at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Pitting resistance equivalent number (PREN) is a predictive measurement of a stainless steel's resistance to localized pitting corrosion based on its chemical composition. In general: the higher PREN-value, the more resistant is the stainless steel to localized pitting corrosion by chloride. 
PREN is frequently specified when stainless steels will be exposed to seawater or other high chloride solutions. In some instances stainless steels with PREN-values > 32 may provide useful resistance to pitting corrosion in seawater, but is dependent on optimal conditions. However, crevice corrosion is also a significant possibility and a PREN > 40 is typically specified for seawater service.These alloys need to be manufactured and heat treated correctly to be sea water corrosion resistant to the expected level. PREN alone is not an indicator of corrosion resistance. The value should be calculated for each heat to ensure compliance with minimum requirements, this is due to chemistry variation within the specified composition limits.
Acleris expressa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in South Korea, China, Russia (Amur) and Japan.
Salvatore Pennacchio (born 1952), Catholic archbishop and diplomat of the Holy SeeSee also:
Brownstone Canyon Archaeological District comprises 2,920 acres (1,180 ha) and is located in the La Madre Mountain Wilderness Area which covers 47,180 acres (19,090 ha) in southern Nevada. The area is administered by the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest and the Bureau of Land Management and includes many petroglyphs.
In German orthography, the letter ß, called  Eszett (IPA: [ɛsˈtsɛt] ess-TSET) or scharfes S (IPA: [ˌʃaʁfəs ˈʔɛs], lit. "sharp S"), represents the /s/ phoneme in Standard German when following long vowels and diphthongs. 
The name Eszett combines the names of the letters of ⟨s⟩ (Es) and ⟨z⟩ (Zett) in German. The character's Unicode names in English are sharp s and eszett. The letter is only used in German, and can be replaced with ⟨ss⟩ if the character is unavailable or capitalized, though a capitalized version has existed officially since 2017. In the 20th century, it was completely replaced by ⟨ss⟩ in Swiss Standard German (used in Switzerland and Liechtenstein),  while it remains part of the orthography of Standard German elsewhere.
The letter originates as the ⟨sz⟩ digraph as used in late medieval and early modern German orthography, represented as a ligature of ⟨ſ⟩ (long s) and ⟨ʒ⟩ (tailed z) in blackletter typefaces, yielding ⟨ſʒ⟩. This developed from an earlier usage of ⟨z⟩ in Old and Middle High German to represent a separate sibilant sound from ⟨s⟩; when the difference between the two sounds was lost in the thirteenth century, the two symbols came to be combined as ⟨sz⟩ in some situations.
Traditionally, ⟨ß⟩ did not have a capital form, although some type designers introduced de facto capitalized variants.
In 2017, the Council for German Orthography officially adopted a capital, ⟨ẞ⟩, into German orthography, ending a long orthographic debate.⟨ß⟩ was encoded by ECMA-94 (1985) at position 223 (hexadecimal DF), inherited by Latin-1 and Unicode (U+00DF ß LATIN SMALL LETTER SHARP S).
The HTML entity  &szlig; was introduced with HTML 2.0 (1995). The capital (U+1E9E ẞ LATIN CAPITAL LETTER SHARP S) was encoded by ISO 10646 in 2008.
Leavittsburg is a census-designated place (CDP) in Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. The population was 2,200 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Youngstown–Warren–Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Art competitions were held as part of the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden.  It was the first time that art competitions were part of the Olympic program.  Medals were awarded in five categories (architecture, literature, music, painting, and sculpture), for works inspired by sport-related themes.Art competitions were part of the Olympic program from 1912 to 1948, but were discontinued due to concerns about amateurism and professionalism.  Since 1952, a non-competitive art and cultural festival has been associated with each Games.
The Lost Stradivarius (1895), by J. Meade Falkner, is a short novel of ghosts and the evil that can be invested in an object, in this case an extremely fine Stradivarius violin. It has been described as "one of Falkner's three celebrated novels" and as a "psychic romance".
Team Tango is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Williston, Florida and owned by Revolution Aviation Inc. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of light aircraft in the form of kits for amateur construction.The company's first offering was the two-seats in side-by-side configuration Tango 2, a composite aircraft with a cruise speed of 182 kn (337 km/h). The company also offers a four-seater, the Team Tango Foxtrot, which has a cruise speed of 188 kn (348 km/h).
Gelophaula trisulca is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in New Zealand.
The wingspan is 29–31 mm for males and about 33 mm for females. The forewings of the males are deep ochreous yellow with a broad pale ochreous-yellowish median streak, suffused beneath and posteriorly. The costal area above the streak is deep red brown, the costal edge suffused with dark leaden grey. The dorsal third of the wing is suffused with ferruginous. The hindwings are dark grey, tinged with blackish towards the apex and termen. Females have pale ochreous-yellowish forewings with two dark-fuscous dots in the disc. The hindwings are pale whitish yellowish sprinkled with grey.
Robert McCarty Knapp (April 21, 1831 – June 24, 1889) was a U.S. Representative from Illinois, brother of Anthony Lausett Knapp.
Born in New York City, Knapp moved with his parents to Jerseyville, Illinois, in 1839.
He attended the common schools and the Kentucky Military Institute in Frankfort, Kentucky.
He was admitted to the bar in 1855 and commenced practice in Jerseyville.
He served as member of the Illinois House of Representatives in 1867.
Knapp was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-third Congress (March 4, 1873 – March 3, 1875).
Knapp was elected to the Forty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1877 – March 3, 1879).
The Nevada Wolf Pack football program represents the University of Nevada, Reno (commonly referred to as "Nevada" in athletics) in college football. The Wolf Pack competes in the Mountain West Conference at the Football Bowl Subdivision level of the NCAA Division I. It was founded on October 24, 1896, as the Sagebrushers in Reno, Nevada.
The Wolf Pack's home field is Mackay Stadium, located at the north end of its campus in Reno, having been moved from it original location which opened on October 23, 1909. The "new" Mackay Stadium saw its first game 56 years ago on October 1, 1966 with a seating capacity of 7,500 and has undergone several renovations. The stadium seats 27,000 and has played to crowds in excess (see attendance records), but decreased its capacity from 30,000 to 26,000 by the 2016 season to increase the quality of the experience in the stadium and later increased its capacity to 27,000 by the 2017 season. The elevation of its playing field is 4,610 feet (1,410 m) above sea level.
Nevada has had three individuals inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. They are coach Chris Ault, running back Frank Hawkins, and former coach Buck Shaw. Fullback Marion Motley is the only Nevada player to be inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Three-time Super Bowl champion Charles Mann played for Nevada from 1979 to 1982 while being named Most Valuable Defensive Lineman in 1982. Mann was inducted into the Nevada Athletics Hall of Fame in 1995. Another Nevada alumnus with a long career in the NFL was free safety Brock Marion. He was selected in the seventh round of the 1993 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys where he played most of his career, and won two Super Bowls. Marion was selected to three Pro Bowls and one All-Pro team.
Nevada has not fielded a Heisman Trophy winner; however, Stan Heath was fifth in Heisman voting in 1948 and Colin Kaepernick (QB) was eighth among 2010 candidates. Nevada football's rich tradition has produced 40 All-Americans and 45 All-American selections. Nevada's only consensus All-American was Matt Clafton (LB) in 1991, which was Nevada's last year in the Division I-AA; the Wolf Pack is awaiting its first FBS consensus All-American. The Wolf Pack has also produced two Academic All-Americans: David Heppe (P, 1982) and Erick Streelman (TE, 2002)
Charles Smith Scott Memorial Observatory, also known as Park College Observatory, is a historic observatory located on the campus of Park University at Parkville, Platte County, Missouri.  It was built in 1896, and is a variation of the "T"-plan observatory building style constructed of ashlar limestone blocks. It features an octagonal two-story domed tower.: 5 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.  The observatory burned down in 1999 and was subsequently razed.
Howard Henry Baker Sr. (January 12, 1902 – January 7, 1964) was an American politician and a United States Representative from Tennessee.
Gaylon Harrel Nickerson (born February 5, 1969) is an American former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and other leagues. Born in Osceola, Arkansas, he attended Wichita State University, Butler Community College, Kansas State University, and Northwestern Oklahoma State University.
Nickerson was selected in the second round (34th overall) of the 1994 NBA draft by the Atlanta Hawks. He split the 1996–97 NBA season with the San Antonio Spurs and the Washington Bullets, playing just four games. Nickerson was also selected in the second round of the 1994 CBA Draft, and he led the league in scoring in 1996–97, averaging 22.5 points per game while with the Oklahoma City Cavalry.
Seikadō Bunko Art Museum (静嘉堂文庫) is a museum of East Asian art in Setagaya, Tokyo.
Nancheng (Chinese: 南城县; pinyin: Nánchéng; lit. 'south city') is a county of eastern Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city of Fuzhou. Historically it has been known as Jianchangfu (Kienchang) (建昌府).
Arcade is a 1993 B-movie science fiction film directed by Albert Pyun, written by David Goyer and produced by Full Moon Entertainment. It stars Megan Ward, Peter Billingsley, John de Lancie, Sharon Farrell, Seth Green, A. J. Langer, and Bryan Dattilo.
The 2008 CIS Men's Soccer Championship Finals will be held from the 6-9 November, 2008 at Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario.  It will consist of 8 teams from the various conferences under the Canadian Interuniversity Sport.  This year the breakdown is host (Carleton), 2 from the OUA, 2 from QSSF, 2 from Canada West and 1 from the AUS.
Lídia Yolanda Agostinho Lubano (born 29 January 1988), simply known as Lídia, is an Angolan footballer who plays as a midfielder for GD Sagrada Esperança and captains the Angola women's national team.
Justice League: Doom is a 2012 American direct-to-video animated superhero film, loosely based on "JLA: Tower of Babel", a 2000 comic book storyline by writer Mark Waid that ran in the DC Comics series JLA. The film's script was adapted by writer Dwayne McDuffie, and it is directed by Lauren Montgomery. A standalone sequel to Crisis on Two Earths, the film uses the same character designs by the lead character designer, Phil Bourassa as well as footage from the film in the opening. It was released on February 28, 2012. The film also features various actors reprising their roles from the DC Animated Universe. It is the 13th film of the DC Universe Animated Original Movies.
Léon-Charles-Édouard Hanolet (25 November 1859 – 1 December 1908) was a Belgian soldier, explorer and colonial administrator.
He is known for his explorations in 1894–1895 in what is now the Central African Republic, which led to an agreement between France and Belgium that the Ubangi-Mbomou rivers would form the boundary between their territories.
He defended the Lado Enclave against the retreating Mahdist forces in 1898.
Gérard Patris (1931 − 1990) was a French film director and television director who died in a car accident in 1990 in Chailles. His works include the documentary film Arthur Rubinstein – The Love of Life.
Approved Driving Instructor (or ADI) is a UK term for a trainer of car driving who has been tested and registered by the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA). UK law requires driving instructors to be qualified before they can charge for their services.Free tuition or supervision may however be given by any individual over the age of 21 who has held and continues to hold a full licence in the same class of vehicle as that being used for at least 3 years. The UK has no law requiring the compulsory use of an Approved Driving Instructor but it is against the law for someone to charge a fee for driving tuition at any level, if they are not an Approved Driving Instructor.
The Lion's Roar is the second studio album by Swedish folk duo First Aid Kit. It was produced by Mike Mogis and features contributions from Bright Eyes' Conor Oberst, Nate Walcott, and The Felice Brothers. The album was released on 18 January 2012.
The 1905–06 team finished with a record 4–5. It was the third year for head coach Wilbur P. Bowen. The team captain was Roy S. Sprague.
Bikram Singha is an Indian Bengali-language action film directed by Rajib Biswas. A remake of the 2006 Telugu-language film Vikramarkudu, it stars Prosenjit Chatterjee in a double role along with Richa Gangopadhyay & Anusmriti Sarkar. Bollywood actress Mahek Chahal did an item song in this film, marking Bengali debutThe film received an "A" certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification. The film was dubbed into Hindi as "Ek Rowdy Bikram".
The Thimphu Athletics Track and Field Centre is an athletics track in Thimphu, Bhutan. It is the first synthetic athletics track in Bhutan.
The Timmerman–Burd Building is a historic building located in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, United States.  The previous building on this lot was destroyed in a fire in 1883 and Henry Timmerman had this building constructed to replace it the same year.  The two story brick structure is one of several building facing the town square in the Italianate style.  This building features a single storefront, and four segmental arch windows on the second floor with simple brick patterned hood molds.  The bracketed metal cornice at the top of the main facade was mass-produced and likely ordered from a catalog.  Burd worked for Timmerman and took over the business.  This building housed a shoe store as late as the 1990s.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Dynamite is an explosive made of nitroglycerin, sorbents (such as powdered shells or clay) and stabilizers. It was invented by the Swedish chemist and engineer Alfred Nobel in Geesthacht, Northern Germany and patented in 1867. It rapidly gained wide-scale use as a more powerful alternative to black powder.
Today, dynamite is mainly used in the mining, quarrying, construction, and demolition industries. Dynamite is still the product of choice for trenching applications, and occasionally used as a cost-effective explosive booster for ANFO charges.
The Niagara Aerospace Museum is an aviation museum located in Niagara Falls, New York, in the old terminal building of the Niagara Falls International Airport. The museum has been located in a number of places in the Niagara Falls/Buffalo area.  It had been located in the Niagara Office Building in downtown Niagara Falls and relocated in 2008 to the site of the then HSBC center on the waterfront in Buffalo, NY, where it was known as the Ira G. Ross Aerospace Museum.  In the summer of 2013, the museum moved to its current location.Both Bell Aircraft Corporation and Curtiss-Wright Corporation had corporate headquarters, research & development (R&D), and manufacturing operations nearby in the middle of the twentieth century, and much of the material on display is from these two aviation companies.  Among its many displays are many examples of early to mid-twentieth century piston, turbo-jet, turbo-shaft, and jet engines, as well as several static display aircraft including early Bell helicopters, an example of the World War II Bell P-39 Airacobra, and the Bell X-22 tilt-ducted-fan VSTOL aircraft.
Kozhikode South is an outgrowth of Kozhikode city in Kerala, India.  Kozhikode South refers to areas like Beypore, Feroke, Areekkad, Nallalam, Cheruvannur, Ramanattukara, Kadalundi and Pantheerankavu. Suburbs like Beypore are famous for boat making.
Khairkhaniidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic fossil molluscs of uncertain position. They are thought to belong to either the Gastropoda or Monoplacophora.
Major-General Henry ('Harry') Salusbury Legh Dalzell Payne CBE (9 August 1929 – 23 January 2018) was a British Army officer who commanded 3rd Armoured Division.
Diallo Riddle (born May 6, 1977) is an American writer, producer, actor, showrunner, and DJ. He received an Emmy Award nomination for his work on the Late Night With Jimmy Fallon and two NAACP Image Award nominations, one for his writing on Sherman’s Showcase and the other for his directing on South Side. Riddle is best known for his co-starring role as Stevie in the NBC sitcom Marlon, and has been the co-creator of several different television series.
Qarasu (also, Gadzhiyevo and Karasu) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.  "Qarasu" means "black water" in the Azerbaijani language. It has a population of 2,407. 
USCGC Cowslip (WLB-277) is a 180-foot (55 m) sea going buoy tender (WLB). A Cactus-class vessel, she was built by Marine Ironworks and Shipbuilding Corporation in Duluth, Minnesota. Cowslip's preliminary design was completed by the United States Lighthouse Service and the final design was produced by Marine Iron and Shipbuilding Corporation in Duluth. On 16 September 1941 the keel was laid. She was launched on 11 April 1942 and commissioned on 17 October 1942. The original cost for the hull and machinery was $918,873.
Cowslip is one of 39 original 180-foot (55 m) seagoing buoy tenders built between 1942–1944. All but one of the original tenders, the USCGC Ironwood (WLB-297), were built in Duluth.
After commissioning, Cowslip was assigned to Boston, Massachusetts, where she served until 1944. From 1944 until 1973, it was assigned to Portland, Maine. Cowslip was decommissioned in 1973 and later sold to a civilian firm in 1977. After the loss of USCGC Blackthorn (WLB-391) in 1980, the Coast Guard reacquired Cowslip and recommissioned her as a replacement.
After recommissioning, Cowslip was assigned to Governor's Island, New York from 1981–1983. From 1983–1984, she was moved to the Coast Guard yard in Curtis Bay, Maryland to take part in the Coast Guard's Service Life Extension Program (SLEP) that eventually provided major upgrades for 14 of the 39 180-class ships. The work done to Cowslip, which cost $8.9 million, was completed in 1984 and required 16 months. The upgrades included new main engines, a Marine Sanitation Device system, upgraded electronics and navigation equipment, a propulsion control computer, and a central fluid power system. In addition, the ships's berthing spaces were renovated, the ship's office and radio room were expanded, additional storeroom space was added and the boom control booth was relocated. After renovation, Cowslip was assigned to Portsmouth, Virginia, where she stayed until 1995. In 1995 Cowslip moved to the west coast and called Astoria, Oregon home port until her retirement.
One notable incident in Cowslip's career is a collision with the 757-foot (231 m) container ship Ever Grade that occurred in the Columbia River in 1997. Although sustaining significant damage, Cowslip was repaired and sent back into service.
Cowslip was decommissioned for a second time in November 2002 and sold to the Nigerian Navy for use as a general purpose vessel.
The 2018–19 Borussia Dortmund season was the 110th season in the football club's history and 43rd consecutive and 52nd overall season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga, having been promoted from the 2. Bundesliga Nord in 1976.
In addition to the domestic league, Borussia Dortmund also participated in the season's editions of the domestic cup, the DFB-Pokal, and the first-tier continental cup, the UEFA Champions League. This was the 45th season for Dortmund in the Signal Iduna Park, located in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The season covered a period from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019.
The season was the first since 2001-02 without Roman Weidenfeller, who retired after the 2017-18 season.
Krauchthal is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Victor Valentine Eremenko from the Institute For Low Temperature Physics, was awarded the status of Fellow in the American Physical Society, after they were nominated by their Forum on International Physics in 2000, for pioneering works in magneto-optics of antiferromagnets, discovery of the ""mixed"" and ""intermediate"" states of antiferromagnets near magnetic phase transitions, photoinduced persistent phenomena in magnetic insulators & high-Tc superconductors; and his international activities as the editor of ""Low Temperature""
Darren Thomas Ward (born December 2, 1968) is a former international freestyle swimmer who was born in the United States and attended Sonora High School in La Habra California, but competed for Canada at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.  During those Olympics he finished in 21st position in the 200-metre individual medley, and in eighth place with the men's 4x200-metre freestyle relay team.  Ward also participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Sultan Mubarak Al-Dawoodi (born 16 March 1985) is a Saudi Arabian discus thrower. He was born in Bisha.
His personal best is 65.52 metres, achieved in Biała Podlaska in June 2016. He had represented Saudi Arabia at the Summer Olympics three times (2008, 2012, and 2016), failing to reach the final on every occasion.He was banned from competing for two years for doping.
Uchu Tomita (born 28 February 1989) is a Japanese Paralympic swimmer who represented Japan at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
"Baby's Got a Temper" is a song by English electronica group the Prodigy, released as a non-album single on 1 July 2002 by record labels XL and Maverick. It was the band's first single in five years after 1997's "Smack My Bitch Up", and was also their first release after dancer Leeroy Thornhill left the band in 2000.
The single, as well as the accompanying music video, was controversial, and was met with a negative response from critics. The song's lyrics, written by Keith Flint, were criticised in particular for heavily playing upon the misuse of the "date rape" drug Rohypnol. Liam Howlett later disowned the single. Despite this criticism, the song was a top-five hit on the Canadian and UK Singles Charts.
Sphaerostylus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Stephanie Skilton (born 27 October 1994 in Auckland, New Zealand) is an association footballer who has represented New Zealand at international level by being capped in the New Zealand women's national football team.Skilton was a member of the New Zealand U-17 side at the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in Trinidad and Tobago, making two appearances.She played in all three of New Zealand's games at the 2012 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Japan where they were eliminated at the group stages.
At the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Canada, Skilton played in all three of New Zealand's group games and the quarter final match which they lost to Nigeria.Skilton made her senior début as a substitute in a 1–2 loss to Switzerland on 7 March 2014.
Theofanis Michaelas (born 26 November 1991) is a Cypriot middle-distance runner specialising in the 800 metres. He competed at the 2016 IAAF World Indoor Championships without advancing to the final.
His personal bests in the event are 1:49.68 outdoors (Huizingen 2015) and 1:49.51 indoors (Vienna 2015).
The Consolidated Aircraft Corporation was founded in 1923 by Reuben H. Fleet in Buffalo, New York, the result of the Gallaudet Aircraft Company's liquidation and Fleet's purchase of designs from the Dayton-Wright Company as the subsidiary was being closed by its parent corporation, General Motors. Consolidated became famous, during the 1920s and 1930s, for its line of flying boats. The most successful of the Consolidated patrol boats was the PBY Catalina, which was produced throughout World War II and used extensively by the Allies. Equally famous was the B-24 Liberator, a heavy bomber which, like the Catalina, saw action in both the Pacific and European theaters.
In 1943, Consolidated merged with Vultee Aircraft to form Consolidated-Vultee Aircraft, later known as Convair.
Montesa Honda is a subsidiary business of Honda, which assembles several models of motorcycles and bicycles in Barcelona, Spain. The business was Spanish-owned until entering into an association with Honda.
Atrypa reticularis is an extinct species of brachiopods. The fossils are present from the base of Rhuddanian up to the top of Lower Frasnian.
Varuq (Persian: وروق, also Romanized as Varūq, Ūrūq, Vorūq, and Warūq; also known as Varagh and Varaq) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District, Central District, Avaj County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 410, in 94 families.
Kenneth Martin Lindsay (16 September 1897 – 4 March 1991) was a Labour Party politician from the United Kingdom who joined the breakaway National Labour group. He was the final Member of Parliament to be elected by the single transferable vote.Standing as a Labour candidate, he unsuccessfully contested the Oxford constituency at the 1924 by-election, Harrow at the 1924 general election and Worcester in 1929.  When the Labour Party split in 1931 and Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald formed a National Government with the Conservative Party, Lindsay followed MacDonald into the breakaway National Labour group.
In 1933, Craigie Aitchison, the National Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for Kilmarnock, was appointed as a judge, vacating his seat.  At the resulting by-election on 2 November, Lindsay defeated the Labour candidate, and was re-elected comfortably at the 1935 general election.  He held the seat until 1945, later sitting as a National Independent.
He was Civil Lord of the Admiralty from 1935 to 1937, and then Parliamentary Secretary to the Board of Education from 1937 to 1940.
He did not contest Kilmarnock at the 1945 general election, but was elected as an independent member for the Combined English Universities, holding the seat until the university constituencies were abolished for the 1950 general election.
The KML Best Young Player Award (Estonian: Korvpalli Meistriliiga parim noormängija) is an award for the top-tier professional basketball league in Estonia, the Korvpalli Meistriliiga.
Josephine Foster  is an American singer, songwriter, and musician from Colorado. She is known for her anachronistic voice and work that weaves older styles with the modern, escaping simple classification.As a teenager Foster worked as a church singer and aspired to become an opera singer.  She moved to Chicago in 1998 to further her opera studies, and began home-recording her songs, resulting in the albums There Are Eyes Above, influenced by Tin Pan Alley, and an album of children's songs, Little Life.  She then released collaborative albums with local folk bands The Children's Hour (SOS JFK), Born Heller (S/T), as well as All the Leaves Are Gone, a psychedelic rock album with backing band The Supposed.A number of solo records followed, including the all acoustic Hazel Eyes, I Will Lead You, an unorthodox collection of  19th century German Lieder titled A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing, and This Coming Gladness, a psychedelic folk-rock album.Foster released most of her recordings the following decade with Fire Records, including Graphic as a Star, her settings of 27 Emily Dickinson poems.Thereafter she began to record frequently with engineer Andrija Tokic, who co-produced with Foster her solo albums Blood Rushing, I'm A Dreamer, and Faithful Fairy Harmony; also More Amor, a psych-folk album by her new band Mendrugo formed with Victor Herrero.  The latter was Foster's first foray into writing lyrics in Spanish.The title song from I'm A Dreamer was featured in Season 2, episode 7 of the British television show The End of the F***ing World.
The True Believers were a rock band from Austin, Texas active from 1982 to 1987. Founded by brothers Alejandro and Javier Escovedo, True Believers were rooted in hard rock with touches of country and the rebellious energy of punk rock. They found critical praise and toured with many leading bands of the 1980s but never broke out of cult status to achieve mainstream success due in part to their hard-to-classify style.
Robert Livingstone Stuart (30 December 1908 – 6 June 1986) was an Argentine first-class cricketer.
Stuart was born at Buenos Aires in June 1908. From there he was sent to England, where he was at Highgate School from January 1920. Unusually, he played for the school's cricket 1st XI for five years (1923-1927, the last year as captain); for three of these teams he played  alongside R.W.V.Robins, for three with 'Tagge' Webster and two with Howard Fabian. After attending Highgate, he returned to Argentina. He made his debut in first-class cricket for Argentina against a touring Sir J. Cahn's XI in at Buenos Aires in 1930. He was a member of the South American cricket team which toured England in 1932, making five first-class appearances on the tour. His final first-class appearance came for Argentina against a touring Sir T. E. W. Brinckman's XI in 1938. Stuart appeared in a total of nine first-class matches, scoring 405 runs at an average of 25.31. His top-score of 133 came against the British Army cricket team in 1932.He later served in the British Army with the Scots Guards during the Second World War, having been commissioned as a second lieutenant in November 1941. He was mentioned in dispatches in November 1945, having been promoted to the rank of lieutenant at some point prior to this. He relinquished his commission in June 1946, at which point he was granted the honorary rank of captain. He died at Buenos Aires in June 1986.
Bien is the only weekly Danish language newspaper published in the United States. Bien is one of two Danish language newspapers published in the United States. The other is a biweekly, Den Danske Pioneer, a unit of Bertelsen Publishing Co., based in Hoffman Estates, Illinois.
Oedudes bifasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1869. It is known from Panama, Honduras, Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
The 2008–09 Ottawa Senators season was the team's 17th season in the National Hockey League (NHL). The team began the season with a new head coach, Craig Hartsburg, and numerous personnel changes after narrowly making the 2008 Stanley Cup playoffs. However, the team had a losing record under the new coach and he was fired in February, replaced by Binghamton Senators' head coach Cory Clouston. The team improved its record under Clouston, but not enough to qualify for the 2009 playoffs, ending an 11-year string of qualifying for the playoffs.
Asha Patera is a patera, or a complex crater with scalloped edges, on Jupiter's moon Io. It is approximately 108 kilometers in diameter and located at 8.84°S 225.69°W﻿ / -8.84; -225.69﻿ (Asha Patera). It is named after asha, the Zoroastrian principle of Truth. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Reiden Patera and Kami-Nari Patera can both be found to the west.
Bothkamper See is a lake in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. At an elevation of 25 m, its surface area is 1.36 km².
The wall paintings of ancient Thera are famous frescoes discovered by Spyridon Marinatos at the excavations of Akrotiri (prehistoric city) on the Greek island of Santorini (or Thera).  They are regarded as part of Minoan art, although the culture of Thera was somewhat different from that of Crete, and the political relationship between the two islands at the time is unclear.  They have the advantage of mostly being excavated in a more complete condition, still on their walls, than Minoan paintings from Knossos and other Cretan sites. 
Most of the frescos are now in the Prehistoric Museum of Thira on Santorini, or the  National Archaeological Museum of Athens, which has several of the most complete and famous scenes.
Therku Theru Machan is a 1992 Indian Tamil-language drama film, directed by Manivannan. The film stars Sathyaraj and Bhanupriya. The film, produced by K. Prabakaran, had musical score by Deva and was released on 13 April 1992. The film completed a 100-day run.
Popham Beach State Park is a public recreation area covering 605 acres (245 ha) on the Atlantic Ocean in the town of Phippsburg, Sagadahoc County, Maine. It is the state's highest volume day use State Park.  The state park occupies a dynamic shoreline landscape that has created a peninsula between the mouth of the Morse River and the Atkins Bay portion of the Kennebec River. The park is managed by the Maine Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry.
Aron Naumovich Trainin a.k.a. Moshe Aron Naumovich Trainin a.k.a. Moshe Aron Nahimovich Trainin (Russian: Аро́н Нау́мович Трайнин, Мовша-Арон Нау́мович Трайнин, Мовша-Арон Нохимович Трайнин, romanized: Aron Naumovič Trajnin, Hebrew: משה אהרן נחומאָוויטש טריינין) was a Soviet jurist and criminologist. He was born on 26 June [O.S. July 8] 1883, in Vitebsk, in the Russian Empire, to a Russian Jewish merchant family. He died on 7 February 1957, in Moscow, in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, from a heart attack. Trainin attended the gymnasium of Kalúga, graduating in 1903, the same year he matriculated to Moscow State University (MGU), whence he graduated in 1908. At university he participated in the студе́нчество, "studénčestvo", student activist movement, during the pivotal, though failed, 1905 Russian Revolution.After graduation Trainin worked in the MGU Department of Criminal Law, on track for a professorship, but he would resign his position in 1912 in connection with the "Kasso Case", in which a great many academics resigned out of solidarity with the targets of Imperial Education Minister Lev Aristidovich Kasso. From 1912 to 1918 he taught at the People's University of A. L. Shanyavsky in Moscow.From 1916 to 1917 he was an editor of the Jewish newspaper Новый путь: еженедв̌льник, посвященный вопросам еврейской жизни, 'New Way: A Weekly Dedicated to Questions of Jewish Cultural Life'. He was a founding member of the Moscow chapter of the Political Red Cross, which was formed in 1918.
Trainin came to prominence in the inter-war years as critical of the League of Nations for not doing enough to prosecute the those who waged war against peace. Scholars Francine Hirsch of the University of Wisconsin–Madison, Kirsten Sellars of the National University of Singapore, and Michelle Jean Penn of the University of Colorado Boulder credit him with establishing the international legal concept of "crimes against peace". In 1937 Trainin published his 'The Defense of Peace and Criminal Law' in which he castigated the League of Nations for failing to make aggressive war a criminal offense and not providing for any sort of international court to punish aggressors.  Along with Major-General Iona Timofeevich Nikitchenko, who also served as a judge, Trainin was a signatory for the Soviet Union to the charter of the Allies of World War II War Crimes Executive Committee which established the Nüremberg International Military Tribunal for "the prosecution and punishment of the major war criminals of the European Axis", known in Russian as the "London Agreement", 'Лондонском соглашении'.
In 2017 Penn wrote,As a Soviet lawyer, Trainin's job [was] to argue for, and justify the Soviet Union's positions regardless of their morality or immorality, in the same way that John Yoo used legal argument to justify the United States' legitimization of torture under George Bush.
Trainin later became a Corresponding member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR (1946). In 1947 and 1948 he served as vice-president of the International Association of Democratic Lawyers. His major works were On Complicity (1941) and Elements of a Crime According to Soviet Criminal Law (1951).
In 1945, in Fundamental Principles of Soviet Criminal Law, he wrote,Soviet law combines formal definition of crime with material definition of it. Soviet law defines crime as an act of commission (or omission) dangerous to the community, transgressing the foundations of the Soviet System or Socialist law and order (material feature) and entailing punishment by law (formal feature).
Trainin was awarded two Orders of the Red Banner of Labor.
Part-e Kola (Persian: پارت كلا, also Romanized as Pārt-e Kolā, Pārt Kalā, and Pārt Kolā) is a village in Farim Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. In the 2006 census, its population was 221 people, from 59 families.
Robert Smith Willis (31 January 1901–1974) was an English footballer who played as a wing half for Rochdale and Halifax Town
Esther Ghan Firestone (1925 – 28 May 2015) was the first female cantor in Canada, although she was not ordained. She began as a cantor in the mid-1950s at Toronto’s Temple Beth-El, and worked in Toronto at Temple Beth-El (mid-1950s to mid-1960s), Temple Emanu-El (1977), and later at Congregation Habonim Toronto from 1985 until some time in 2015. She was also a member of Kol Nashim (Hebrew for “All Women”), a sextet of female lay cantors founded in 1987.Aside from her cantorial work, she was a singer; after training as a pianist in Winnipeg and giving several recitals in Manitoba, she began voice studies in 1944 in Toronto with Nina de Gedeonoff and at the TCM with Emmy Heim. In 1948 she won second prize in an international scholarship contest sponsored by Carnegie Hall. Her first recital in Toronto was in 1950 at what was then called Eaton Auditorium (now the Carlu), with her uncle accompanying her on violin. She later sang on CBC Radio’s Canadian Cavalcade from 1949 to 1951, and on its Stardust program between 1957 and 1960. In 1951, she made her operatic debut with the CBC Opera, playing Musetta in Puccini’s La Bohème; she also performed with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra and the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra, and in concerts at the CNE Bandshell. She also worked as a choirmaster and arranger of music, most notably of an Israeli-Canadian peace song, Lay Down Your Arms. She also conducted the YMHA Choral Group, the Toronto Hadassah Women's Choir (1967-74), and the J.C.C. Singers (1980s), who recorded folk songs in 1984. In 1971 and 1973, with three of her children, she recorded Let's Sing English Songs, a collection of 52 songs for distribution in Japan by the Tokyo Kodomo Club. She was also co-founder (along with Eli Rubenstein) and conductor of the Habonim Youth Choir.She was born as Esther Cohen, and her mother's maiden name was Ghan. Her mother had fled to Canada to escape the pogroms in Ukraine, where she had been imprisoned and assaulted and had faced great poverty. Esther's uncle suggested she adopt the stage name of Esther Ghan for the sake of her career. She later married Paul Firestone and had six children: Debbie, Shawn, Jay, Danny, Ari and Hillary; Hillary died of ovarian cancer in 2009.
Kirwin is an unincorporated community in Park County, in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Its post office has been closed.The former mining town is a historic site. Amelia Earhart was having a cabin built there before her disappearance.
Zalakeh-ye Farajollah-e Montazeri (Persian: ذالكه فرج اله منتظري, also Romanized as Zālakeh-ye Farajollāh-e Montaz̧erī; also known as Dālakeh-ye Ḩājjī Faraj, Z̄ālakeh, Z̄ālakeh-ye Ḩājī Faraj, Zalekeh, and Z̄ālkeh-ye Ḩājjī Faraj) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 11 families.
Schwartziella paucicostata is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Zebinidae.
"Fallen Fruit" is a song by New Zealand singer-songwriter Lorde. The song was released as the fourth single from her third studio album, Solar Power, coinciding with the release of the album's bonus tracks to streaming services on 2 November 2021. The song was written and produced by Lorde and Jack Antonoff, and features backing vocals from Phoebe Bridgers, Clairo, Marlon Williams, and Lawrence Arabia.
RideBack is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tetsurō Kasahara. It was serialized in Shogakukan's seinen manga magazine Monthly Ikki from April 2003 to October 2008, with its chapters collected in ten tankōbon volumes. Set in Japan in the 2020s, it follows the story of college student Rin Ogata, as she comes across a two-wheeled automobile robot known as a Rideback. It was adapted into a 12-episode anime television series by Madhouse broadcast from January to March 2009. In North America, Funimation licensed the anime series for English language release.
Rafael Camacho Guzmán (November 16, 1916 – 1998) was a Mexican trade union and political leader, member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and governor of Queretaro from 1979 to 1985.
Rafael Camacho Guzmán was born in the city of Queretaro in 1916. He studied agronomy in Guanajuato. Speaker got his license in 1942 and worked in the XEBZ in Mexico City. It was the official broadcaster of the Presidency of the Republic during the government of Miguel Aleman. He participated in the founding of the Union of the Industry of the Radio and Television (Stirt) and was its director from 1961 to 1979. He was one of the most prominent of the Confederation of Workers of Mexico and very close to Fidel Velazquez leaders. He was elected senator in 1976 and Governor of Queretaro in the 1979 election.During his administration he held various public works such as the "Corregidora of Queretaro" Stadium, the new auditorium Josefa Ortiz de Domínguez (in the same place where there was an audience with the same name, which was demolished to build the now existing) and network highways of the Sierra Gorda.
Coleophora uniphalli is a moth of the family Coleophoridae. It is found in the lower Volga area in southern Russia.
Perry Engineering was a major foundry and steel engineering works in the state of South Australia.
Georg Diederichs (2 September 1900 – 19 June 1983) was a German politician, a member of the SPD, who served as Minister President of Lower Saxony from 1961 to 1970.
Kazadayevka (Russian: Казадаевка) is a rural locality (a village) in Kazadayevsky Selsoviet, Sterlitamaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 51 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
nthWORD was an American quarterly online magazine for creative people. The magazine published works of fiction, creative non-fiction, poetry and art by established and emerging writers and artists, and mock ads.In addition, nthWORD conducted interviews with commercial and independent artists and professionals working in a variety of creative disciplines and maintained nthWORD Shorts, a blog with a focus on creativity. nthWORD Shorts included daily and weekly posts on art, culture and entertainment—including filmmaking, literature, design, publishing, photography, and social media, artist interviews and reviews on theatre, books, film and technology.
Notable contributors included award-winning poet Lyn Lifshin, director Antoine Fuqua, humorist Harmon Leon, best-selling author David Henry Sterry, multidisciplinary artist Michael Holman, advertising executive Mat Zucker of Ogilvy & Mather, filmmaker Liz Canner and RT anchor Abby Martin.
The Swell Head (also known as The Swelled Head and Eddie Foy, Jr., with Bessie Love in The Swelled Head) is a 1928 American romantic musical short starring Eddie Foy Jr. and Bessie Love, directed by Foy's brother Bryan. Variety mused that "this may be the first backstage sound short."The film is preserved at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
The 2021 Fan Controlled Football season is the first season of the Fan Controlled Football (FCF), a professional indoor football league.
The FCF, which sees itself as "Esports and traditional sports colliding together" is unique because the league leans heavily on fan interaction to make important decisions, such as play-calling, drafts, rules, team names and seasonal awards with voting done through a mobile app, a concept the owners first tested in the Indoor Football League when they owned the Salt Lake Screaming Eagles, later giving up ownership of the team when they started the FCF.
The Fan Controlled Football League's (FCFL) first season initial start date was originally in 2018 but was postponed. It was later slated to start in summer 2020 in Las Vegas with eight teams, but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The league shortened its name to Fan Controlled Football (FCF) and announced it would play with four teams in February 2021 in a bubble environment at the Infinite Energy Arena in Duluth, Georgia. (FCF thus became the third different high-profile professional football league to play in the weeks immediately following the Super Bowl in as many years, following the Alliance of American Football in 2019 and the XFL in 2020; FCF was the first of those to complete its inaugural season as scheduled.)
The league began play on February 13, 2021, with four teams competing in a 12-game-format over six weeks. The league uses Internet streaming as its main television platform and is streamed on Twitch and VENN on Saturdays, with reruns on FTF; the league championship is carried on the digital subchannel network LX. The FCF saw a steady increase in its viewership through its first five weeks, from 735,000 in the first week to 2.1 million in the playoffs.Following a four-game season where the Beasts took home the regular season championship, the playoffs concluded with the #1 seed Beasts losing to the #4 seed Glacier Boyz in an upset and #2 seed Wild Aces easily defeating the #3 seed Zappers. The Wild Aces beat the Glacier Boyz 46–40 in the final, named the People's Championship, as voted by the fans, on March 20, 2021.Players were paid weekly minimum of $400 to $750 plus room and board, while coaches got paid $3,500 per month with housing and meal plan.
The second season of CSI: Miami premiered on CBS on September 22, 2003, and ended May 24, 2004. The series stars David Caruso and Emily Procter.
The A460 is a main road in the Midlands of England. It runs from Wolverhampton in the West Midlands to Rugeley in Staffordshire. It is also a primary road linking Wolverhampton and Cannock with the M54, M6 and M6 Toll.
Lasse Nielsen (born 8 January 1988) is a Danish professional footballer who plays a centre back for Allsvenskan side Malmö FF. He formerly played for AaB, NEC, and Gent. He has won one cap for the Denmark national team.
Helena Modrzejewska (Polish pronunciation: [mɔdʐɛˈjɛfska]; born Jadwiga Benda; 12 October 1840 – 8 April 1909), known professionally as Helena Modjeska, was a Polish actress who specialized in Shakespearean and tragic roles. She was initially successful on the Polish stage. After emigrating to the United States (and despite her poor command of English), she also succeeded on stage in America and London. She is regarded as the greatest actress in the history of theatre in Poland.
Evanston Township was a civil township in Cook County, Illinois, United States from 1857 until 2014, when it was dissolved.  At the time it was dissolved, its boundaries were coterminous with the city of Evanston, and the population at the 2010 census was 74,486.The township history includes that of two townships that were both originally named Ridgeville Township and came to be renamed Evanston Township.
Beaupréau-en-Mauges (French pronunciation: [bopʁ(e)o ɑ̃ moʒ] (listen)) is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
It was established on 15 December 2015 by the merger of the former communes of Andrezé, Beaupréau, La Chapelle-du-Genêt, Gesté, Jallais, La Jubaudière, Le Pin-en-Mauges, La Poitevinière, Saint-Philbert-en-Mauges and Villedieu-la-Blouère. Beaupréau is the municipal seat.
San Juan del Estado  is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south-western Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 94.42 km². 
It is part of the Etla District in the Valles Centrales region.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 2200.
Īsā Ibn Saʿīd al-Yaḥṣubī (Arabic: عيسى بن سعيد اليحصبي) (d. 397 AH) (d. 1006 AD) better known as Ibn al-Qaṭṭāʿ (إبن القطاع), was a 10th-century Andalusi Arab katib (كاتب; transl. 'secretary') and wazir (وزير; transl. 'Vizier') of the Umayyad Caliphate of Córdoba.
Essential S Club 7 is a greatest hits compilation album by British pop group S Club 7, released on 9 July 2021.
The 3xCD collection features tracks from across all four S Club 7 studio albums and all their singles, as well as a disc of remixes. The album debuted at number 35 on the UK Albums Chart.
Seaoil Philippines, Inc., stylized as SEAOIL Philippines, is a fuel company that started in 1978. The Filipino-owned company offers fuel products ranging from automobile gasoline to industry-specific lubricants and services such as storage and shipping.
Bordertown is a western drama television series that aired from 1989 to 1991.  It depicts the town formerly known as Pemmican that was later renamed Bordertown when the western border between the United States and Canada was surveyed in 1880, dividing the town.
The theme song is an adaptation of the first movement of Jean Sibelius's Third Symphony.
The Yemenite ambassador in Moscow is the official representative of the Government in Aden to the Government of Russia.
Jean Sibelius ( sib-AY-lee-əs; Finland Swedish: [ˈjɑːn siˈbeːliʉs, ˈʃɑːn -] (listen); born Johan Julius Christian Sibelius, 8 December 1865 – 20 September 1957) was a Finnish composer of the late Romantic and early-modern periods. He is widely recognized as his country's greatest composer, and his music is often credited with having helped Finland develop a national identity during its struggle for independence from Russia.
The core of his oeuvre is his set of seven symphonies, which, like his other major works, are regularly performed and recorded in Finland and very many other countries. His other best-known compositions are Finlandia, the Karelia Suite, Valse triste, the Violin Concerto, the choral symphony Kullervo, and The Swan of Tuonela (from the Lemminkäinen Suite). Other well known works by Sibelius include pieces inspired by nature, Nordic mythology, and the Finnish national epic, the Kalevala, over a hundred songs for voice and piano, incidental music for numerous plays, the opera Jungfrun i tornet (The Maiden in the Tower), chamber music, piano music, Masonic ritual music, and 21 publications of choral music.
Sibelius composed prolifically until the mid-1920s, but after completing his Seventh Symphony (1924), the incidental music for The Tempest (1926), and the tone poem Tapiola (1926), he stopped producing major works in his last thirty years, a stunning and perplexing decline commonly referred to as the "silence of Järvenpää", the location of his home. Although he is reputed to have stopped composing, he attempted to continue writing, including abortive efforts on an eighth symphony. In later life, he wrote Masonic music and re-edited some earlier works, while retaining an active but not always favourable interest in new developments in music.
The Finnish 100 mark note featured his image until 2002, when the euro was adopted. Since 2011, Finland has celebrated a flag flying day on 8 December, the composer's birthday, also known as the "Day of Finnish Music". In 2015, in celebration of the 150th anniversary of the composer's birth, a number of special concerts and events were held, especially in Helsinki, the Finnish capital.
Bernhard Ilg (born in Geislingen an der Steige on February 8, 1956) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). He is Mayor (Oberbürgermeister) of the Große Kreisstadt Heidenheim an der Brenz in Baden-Württemberg's region of Ostwürttemberg.
He graduated in Public management (Diplom-Verwaltungswirt) in 1980. Thereafter he was district bailiff (Kreisamtmann) at the Landratsamt of Biberach where he was in charge of finance and carrying out special tasks until 1986. From 1986 to November 28, 1999, Ilg was Mayor of Salach. He is Oberbürgermeister of Heidenheim since February 1, 2000, re-elected on November 11, 2007. In 2000, he was elected with a narrow majority; however, in 2007 he received 82.27 percent of votes. Since June 13, 2004, Ilg is also a member of the Heidenheim district county council (Kreistag).
Bernhard Ilg is also chairman of the Heidenheim public utility company, member of the board of directors of the Heidenheim Kreissparkasse (county savings bank), president of the water board of Wedel-Brenz and member of the advisory board for the programme of Radio 7. Furthermore, Ilg is president of the Stauferland tourism association and a member of Mayors for Peace.
The consensus error grid (also known as the Parkes error grid) was developed as a new tool for evaluating the accuracy of a blood glucose meter. In recent times, the consensus error grid has been used increasingly by blood glucose meter manufacturers in their clinical studies. It was published in August 2000 by Joan L. Parkes, Stephen L. Slatin, Scott Pardo, and Barry H. Ginsberg. The guidelines for ISO15197:2013 specify the usage of the consensus error grid for evaluation of blood glucose monitoring systems.
Deghdzut (Armenian: Դեղձուտ), also Romanized as Dekhtsut and Deghtsut) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.
The Montrose Football Club is an Australian rules football club located in Montrose, Victoria. They play in Division 1 of the Eastern Football League.
The 1899 Brown Bears football team represented Brown University during the 1899 college football season.
Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU; Vietnamese: Đại học Quốc gia Hà Nội, ĐHQGHN) is a public research university in Vietnam. The university has 10 member colleges (called "universities") and faculties. VNU is Vietnam's national university, and it is the most prestigious university in Vietnam, ranked 201-250th in Asia by the QS ASIA University Rankings 2020. In 2020, it was one of the first two Vietnamese universities (the other one being Vietnam National University, Ho Chi Minh City) to be included in the QS Global Ranking of Top 150 universities under 50 years old by 2021.
Emilbek Abakirov (Kyrgyz: Абакиров Эмилбек; 18 March 1929 – 22 January 2022) was a Soviet-Kyrgyz politician. A member of the Communist Party, he served in the Congress of People's Deputies of the Soviet Union from 1989 to 1991. He died on 22 January 2022, at the age of 92.
The Pierres du Niton (French for Neptune's Stones) are two unusual rocks which are visible from Quai Gustave-Ador in the harbor of Lake Geneva, Switzerland. They are remnants from the last ice age, left by the Rhone glacier. The Repère Pierre du Niton is the name of the rock which is bigger and further from the shore. 
The word Niton is derived from the ancient water god Neptune, who was  revered by the Gauls who settled at the lake, as old inscriptions in Geneva and Lausanne indicate.Guillaume-Henri Dufour used the Repère as a height starting point by the development of the Dufour maps from 1845 to 1864 in the graduation 1:100 000. At that time the height over sea level was estimated and decreed to be 376.86 m. Up to today, this stone forms the authoritative point of the Swiss height measurement system. However, the height was newly evaluated in 1902 to be 373.6 m over sea level. This is why the data in maps of Switzerland made before 1902 differ by 3.26 m from today's official values.
In the Bronze Age, these stones may have had a spiritual significance and been used in religious ceremonies.  This has been hypothesized due to square holes at the top of the larger stone, discovered in 1660, which seem to have been hewed by Middle Bronze Age (ca. 1500–1200 BC) axes.
Rutilotrixa is a genus of parasitic flies in the family Tachinidae. There are about seven described species in Rutilotrixa.
Willem or Guiliam van Nieulandt, sometimes Nieuwelandt (1584–1635) was a Dutch Golden Age painter, engraver, poet and playwright from Antwerp.
Andamooka is a town approximately 600 km north of Adelaide in the Far North of South Australia on the lands of the Kuyani people. Andamooka is the largest town administered by the Outback Communities Authority instead of a local government area. It is in the state electoral district of Giles and the federal Division of Grey.
Phil  Brown (March 14, 1901 – May 16, 1991) was an American football, basketball, and track coach.
He served as the head football coach at Washington College in Chestertown, Maryland from 1927 to 1927, Rose Polytechnic Institute—now known as Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology from 1928 to 1942 and again from 1946 to 1958, and Indiana State Teachers College—now known as Indiana State University in 1944. Brown also coached basketball and track at Rose Poly before retiring in 1959.
Brown graduated from Arsenal Technical High School in Indianapolis, Indiana in  1918 and then played college football at Butler University. He died on  May 16, 1991.
Talkhab-e Sofla (Persian: تلخ اب سفلي, also Romanized as Talkhāb-e Soflá; also known as Talkhāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 102, in 21 families.
The Niohuru (Manchu: ᠨᡳᠣᡥᡠᡵᡠ ; Chinese: 鈕祜祿; pinyin: Niǔhùlù; Wade–Giles: Niu3-hu4-lu4; lit. 'wolf' in Manchu) were a prominent Manchu clan during the Qing dynasty. The clan had inhabited the Changbai Mountains since as early as the Liao dynasty. The clan was well known during the Qing dynasty for producing a variety of consorts of all ranks for emperors, several of whom went on to become mothers to reigning emperors. Prominent people who belonged or trace heritage to the Niohuru clan including famed Manchu warrior Eidu, his son the high official Ebilun, the Empress Dowager Ci'an, the infamous corrupt official Heshen, and the contemporary concert pianist Lang Lang.
Justo Jorge Padrón (1 October 1943 – 11 April 2021) was a Spanish poet, essayist, and translator. His work has been described as confirming "[t]he strength of modern Canarian poetry".
Nishikido stable (Japanese: 錦戸部屋, Nishikido-beya) is a stable of sumo wrestlers, one of the Takasago group of stables. It was founded in 2002 by Mitoizumi of the Takasago stable.  
It was home to the only Kazakh wrestler in professional sumo, Kazafuzan, who competed in the makushita division and retired in September 2014. In 2015, the stable recruited Canadian Brodi Henderson of Victoria who competed as Homarenishiki, but he suddenly left sumo the following year. Several other wrestlers retired at the same time, leaving just five active wrestlers in the stable after July 2016. In 2017, the Mongolian Mitoryū (Turbold Baasansuren) joined as a makushita tsukedashi entrant from Nihon University, and he became the stable's first ever sekitori after the November 2017 tournament. (Another wrestler was ranked in jūryō for just one tournament in November 2018.) As of January 2022 the stable had four active wrestlers.
The 1946–47 Montreal Canadiens season was the 38th season in club history. The team placed first in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens lost in the Stanley Cup finals against the Toronto Maple Leafs four games to two.
Pierre Paul Henri Gaston Doumergue (French pronunciation: ​[ɡastɔ̃ dumɛʁɡ]; 1 August 1863 in Aigues-Vives, Gard – 18 June 1937 in Aigues-Vives) was a French politician of the Third Republic. He served as President of France from 13 June 1924 to 13 June 1931.
Rosa 'Nevada' is a white rose cultivar developed by Pedro Dot in Spain in 1927. It is one of his most successful creations and is named for its colour, as nevada is the Spanish word for "snowy". Its parentage was long under discussion, as Dot introduced the cultivar as a hybrid moyesii, but the cultivar's round, black hips point to its R. pimpinellifolia-parentage. It is probably a cross between Dot's pink hybrid tea 'La Giralda' (introduced in 1926) and the wild rose species Rosa pimpinellifolia var. altaica (synonym R.  'Altaica'), but is sometimes still described as a hybrid moyesii.The single to semi-double flowers have an open bloom form with an average diameter of 4″ to 5″ (10 to 13 cm), and grow on short stems. The ovoid buds have a pink or apricot colour and open to ivory-coloured flowers, which normally quickly fade to white (but can turn pink in hot weather), with golden-yellow stamens. They have a mild, sweet fragrance. The blooming season starts with an abundant first flush in early summer (end of May to mid-June), further flowers appear sparingly throughout the season, with the possibility of a second in autumn. Later flowers are also often tinged pink. The removal of spent blooms helps to encourage re-bloom.
In autumn, the rose develops some reddish brown, globular hips with an average diameter of 1.8 centimetres (0.71 in).'Nevada' forms tall climbing bushes with roundish, light green leaves. The long, arching shoots have a dark chocolate brown colour, few prickles, and are entirely covered with blooms during the first flowering flush. The shrub reaches an average height of 7′ to 13′ (2 to 4 m) and due to its arching habit a width of 8′ to 13′ (2.5 to 4 m), but can grow even higher in warmer climates. 'Nevada' can grow suckers on its own roots. The vigorous cultivar tolerates rain and poorer soils, is very hardy down to −37 °C (USDA zone 3b and warmer), and generally disease resistant, but can be susceptible to black spot. 'Nevada' is suitable for plantation in woodland areas or near water, and can be grown as solitaire shrub, in small groups, as hedge, or trained as a climber.Peter Beales calls 'Nevada' one of the best-known semi-double shrub roses. In 1993, the rose cultivar was granted the Award of Garden Merit by the Royal Horticultural Society, but the award was retracted with the reformation of the RHS Award of Garden Merit criteria in 2012/13.
'Marguerite Hilling', also called 'Pink Nevada' is a sport of 'Nevada' discovered by Thomas Hilling (United Kingdom) in the 1950s, that strongly resembles its parent in everything but its colour.
Cliochloria senegalensis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Cliochloria of the family Tephritidae.
Wenatchee Valley Mall is a shopping mall located in East Wenatchee, Washington. It opened in 1978 and is anchored by Bed Bath & Beyond, Macy's, Ross Dress For Less, and Sportsman's Warehouse.
The gross leasable area of the mall is 340,786 square feet (31,660.1 m2), meaning it is smaller than a regional mall, per the definitions of the International Council of Shopping Centers. However, despite its small size, Wenatchee Valley Mall is the only mall within an 80-mile (130 km) radius of East Wenatchee, and thus serves a population of over 200,000 people.
The 1994 XXX FIBA International Christmas Tournament "Trofeo Raimundo Saporta-Memorial Fernando Martín" was the 30th edition of the FIBA International Christmas Tournament. It took place at Palacio de Deportes de la Comunidad de Madrid, Madrid, Spain, on 24, 25 and 26 December 1994 with the participations of Real Madrid Teka (champions of the 1993–94 Liga ACB), Yugoslavia, Moscow Selection and São Paulo All-Stars.
The earliest Soviet jet fighters were all straight-winged as the aerodynamic benefits of swept wings at transonic speeds was not yet appreciated for several years after the end of World War II when these fighters were designed.
Khadija Monifa "Bunny" Shaw (born 31 January 1997) is a Jamaican footballer who plays as a forward for Manchester City of the English FA Women's Super League and the Jamaica women's national team.
Shaw is rarely called by her actual name and instead predominantly uses the nickname Bunny which was given to her by her brother, Kentardo, as a child because of her love of carrots.
Launceston South (Cornish: Lannstevan Soth) is an electoral division of Cornwall in the United Kingdom and returns one member to sit on Cornwall Council. The current Councillor is Jade Farrington, a standalone Independent.
KPUR (1440 AM), branded as "Sportsradio 1440", is a radio station serving the Amarillo, Texas, area with a sports format. This station is under ownership of Cumulus Media.  Its studios are located at the Amarillo Building downtown on Polk Street, and its transmitter tower is based southeast of Amarillo in unincorporated Randall County along Loop 335 (Hollywood Road).
KPUR was once KFDA on 1230 kHz. It hit the air in 1939. After World War II, Amarillo station KGNC moved from 1440 kHz to 710 kHz with greater power. KFDA filed to move to the vacated 1440 raising power from 250 watts on 1230 to 5,000 watts days and 1,000 watts nights. Night used a three tower directional antenna system. The call letters changed to KPUR in 1966. The station was sold by former television partner KFDA-TV (and Texas State Network interests) to Charlie Jordan, the manager at the time.
The towers were located east of Amarillo just south of the former Route 66 (now I-40) which shared land with the studios. In the mid seventies the land was largely sold off to shopping center developers. Towers were relocated to the present site. That site was subject to a late 1970s fire when a Harris MW-5 transmitter melted down. The MW-5 used a step up transformer to raise the three phase input power (at 240 volts) to 17,000 volts. The primary wiring had been bundled closely to the secondary wiring and tightly lashed together. When an insulation breakdown allowed the input wiring to arc, the high temperatures allowed the secondary wires to short to the inputs. This caused extremely high circulating currents and a meltdown of the transformer frame (made of metal castings and laminations).
The station is an affiliate of the Dallas Cowboys radio network and the West Texas Friday Night Scoreboard Show.On March 30, 2012 KPUR changed their format from sports to oldies, branded as "True Oldies".
On October 22, 2012 KPUR changed their format back to sports, branded as "ESPN 1440" with programming from ESPN Radio.
On January 2, 2013  KPUR switched affiliations from ESPN Radio to CBS Sports Radio, branded as "Sportsradio 1440".
Equatorial Guinea competed at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics from 15–23 August in Berlin.
Biplab Dasgupta (2 January 1938 – 17 July 2005) was a Marxian economist, former member of Rajya Sabha , Lok Sabha and the Bengal state committee of the CPI(M). He was the author of several books on the agrarian economy of India.
Auslikon is a village (de:Aussenwacht) of the municipality of Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.
The Easter Island Foundation is an American non-profit organization that promotes the conservation and protection of the fragile cultural heritage of Rapa Nui (Easter Island) and other Polynesian islands.
James Caulfeild, 1st Earl of Charlemont KP PC (Ire) (18 August 1728 – 4 August 1799) was an Irish statesman.
Chun Young-soo (Korean: 전영수; born February 19, 1963 in South Korea) is a South Korean former footballer who played as a forward.
He started professional career at Ulsan Hyundai, then known as Hyundai Horangi in 1986 and he transferred to Yukong Elephants in April 1989.
He was winner of Top assists award in 1986 Professional Football Championship
Scholes is a hamlet on Oldfield Lane and Hob Cote Lane, in the City of Bradford district, in the county of West Yorkshire, England. Nearby settlements include the town of Keighley, the village of Oakworth and the hamlet of Oldfield.
RockNess 2013 was the eighth RockNess Festival to take place. It was confirmed by organisers via social media on 24 December 2012 and took place on the weekend of 7–9 June 2013.On 18 January 2013 organisers announced the addition of a loch side camping area to the festival site.
A limited number of £99 earlybird tickets were released on 28 January 2013 which sold out within minutes, the tier-2 £129 tickets were released the same morning which then in turn quickly sold out.Line-up as of 7 June 2013:
Rhodothemis lieftincki, common name Red arrow, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae. 
The genus Rhodothemis is found in India, south-east Asia and Australia. Rhodothemis lieftincki is the only species of the genus seen in Australia. It inhabits coastal and inland streams, rivers, lagoons and ponds in an arc around northern Australia, from about Geraldton in the west to Sydney in the east.Rhodothemis lieftincki is a medium-sized dragonfly with a wingspan about 60-85mm. The adult male is red in colour, and the female is a duller brown or orange.Rhodothemis lieftincki has been assessed for the IUCN Red List as being of least concern.
Daphne Eleanor M Iking (born Daphne M Iking), known as Daphne Iking, is a Malaysian television personality, an emcee and an occasional actress.
Nordia Inc. was created in 1999 as a joint partnership between two North American companies in communications and customer relationship management: Excell Global Services and Bell Canada. This happened after Bell Canada decided to stop processing calls for directory assistance. Bell has since bought out Excell's share in the company, making it a fully owned Bell subsidiary. Montreal-based Nordia contracts employees in Moncton, Saint John, Quebec City, Laval, Sherbrooke, Saguenay, Waterloo, Orillia, Peterborough, and Nanaimo's call centres for a total of over 5000 people.In May 2015, Bell sold Nordia to Birch Hill Equity. However Bell continues to employ Nordia as its primary call center in Canada.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) is a higher education art school offering undergraduate degrees; post-graduate awards (both taught and research-led) and PhDs in architecture, fine art and design based in Glasgow, Scotland.
The school is housed in a number of buildings in the centre of Glasgow, upon Garnethill, an area first developed by William Harley of Blythswood Hill in the early 1800s. The most famous of its buildings was designed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh in phases between 1896–1909. The eponymous Mackintosh Building soon became one of the city's iconic landmarks and stood for over 100 years. It is an icon of the Modern Style (British Art Nouveau style). The building was severely damaged by fire in May 2014 and destroyed by a second fire in June 2018, with only the burnt-out shell remaining.In 2021, GSA was again placed 8th in the QS World Rankings for Art and Design, with the school maintaining its place ranking for 3 consecutive years. Despite its high ranking in selected league tables Glasgow School of Art has recently scored poorly for the quality of its student experience in the annual National Student Survey. In 2019 it was the worst performing Higher Education provider in Scotland and in 2020 it was the worst performing institution in the UK. In 2021 Glasgow School of Art continued to be ranked as the UK's worst performing Higher Education provider for student experience.
Medieval Children is a book on the history of childhood written by English historian Nicholas Orme in 2001. It covers aspects of English children throughout the Middle Ages. The book addresses what is considered Philippe Ariès's central thesis in Centuries of Childhood, that there was no medieval understanding of childhood as a phase, an idea that critics have said Orme refutes successfully.
Umberto Fiore (12 May 1896 – 14 March 1978) was an Italian politician and trade unionist.
Mutpuracinus archibaldi is an extinct carnivorous, quadrupedal marsupial that lived during the middle Miocene and is the smallest known thylacinid at approximately 1.1 kilograms, the size of a quoll, though, more closely related to the recently extinct thylacine.
M. archibaldi would have resembled a dog with a long snout. Its molar teeth were specialized for carnivory, the cups and crest were reduced or elongated to give the molars a cutting blade.
Fossils of M. archibaldi have been discovered in deposits at Bullock Creek (Northern Territory) in the Northern Territory of Australia, and in the same deposits as Nimbacinus richi. It is named in honor of Ian Archibald for his contributions to the northern territory. Fossil specimens of M. archibaldi include a premaxilla with alveoli for four incisors, and the holotype, a left maxilla. thylacinid skull fossils are exceedingly rare and M. archiboldi is one of only three species known from fossil crania.
Boża Wola [ˈbɔʐa ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.Its main attraction is "Dworek", a mansion from 19th century. From 1992 it is used by the Prelature of Opus Dei.
Stenkil Creek is a 2.76 mi (4.44 km) long second order tributary to the Delaware River in New Castle County, Delaware.
Walter Empson (19 February 1856 – 14 June 1934) was a New Zealander teacher, headmaster and educationalist.
Badi Edhuru is a 2007 Maldivian suspense thriller short film directed by Ali Shifau. Produced by Mohamed Ali and written by Moomin Fuad, the film stars Ismail Rasheed, Abdulla Muaz, Ibrahim Jihad, Ravee Farooq, Aishath Siyadha and Nadhiya Hassan in pivotal roles.
Boyfriends and Girlfriends (French title: L'Ami de mon amie, also known as My Girlfriend's Boyfriend) is a 1987 comedy film directed by Éric Rohmer. The film stars Emmanuelle Chaulet, Sophie Renoir, Anne-Laure Meury. The title literally means the (male) friend of my (female) friend, or perhaps the boyfriend of my girlfriend: it echoes the proverb "Les amis de mes amis sont mes amis" ("My friend's friend is my friend").
Safdar Abbas (Urdu: صفدر عباس) is a former professional field hockey player from Pakistan who represented the Pakistan national field hockey team as a forward. Abbas is the youngest player to represent Pakistan at the age of sixteen years in 1973.
Jesus schläft, was soll ich hoffen? (Jesus sleeps, what shall I hope for?), BWV 81, is a church cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach. He composed it in 1724 in Leipzig for the fourth Sunday after Epiphany and first performed it on 30 January 1724.
Carpenters is the third studio album by American music duo Carpenters. Released on May 14, 1971, it was their most successful studio album, reaching number two on the Billboard 200 chart and number 12 in the UK, as well as being certified 4× Platinum by the RIAA. The album contained the hit songs "For All We Know", "Rainy Days and Mondays" and "Superstar".
It has been said that the strength of these recordings is what caused Richard Carpenter to ask his sister to front the band for their live performances instead of playing behind the drums. Amongst many fans, the album has simply been referred to as "The Tan Album", because the original LP cover, complete with overlapping flap, looked like an oversized tan envelope, and is presumably a play on The Beatles' so-called White Album.
In Cash Box's Top 100 Albums of 1971, Carpenters was listed as one of the year's ten biggest albums. This is the first album to feature the familiar Carpenters logo.
All lead vocals are by Karen, except on the tracks "Druscilla Penny", "Saturday", and the "Walk on By" segment of the Bacharach/David Medley, in which Richard Carpenter sings lead vocal, with Karen in the background.
The album and its singles earned Carpenters four Grammy Award nominations including Album of the Year. It won the Best Contemporary Vocal Performance by a Duo, Group or Chorus.
Nicolle Velez (born September 20, 1991) is an American beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned as Miss Earth United States 2013 which moved her on to represent United States at Miss Earth 2013 in December 2013. She succeeded Siria Bojorquez of Texas as Miss Earth United States.
According to her LinkedIn profile, she has volunteered in some events such as Autism Speaks and Avon Walk for Breast Cancer. Nicolle also supports Lupus Foundation of America, American Heart Association, American Stroke Association, National Ovarian Cancer Coalition and American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
The pant-hoot (call) is a well-studied, structurally complex and long-distance vocalization of chimpanzees. The call is generally divided into four distinct, successive phases: introduction, build-up, climax and let-down. This introductory phase begins with soft, breathy, low-frequency 'hoo's' that transition into the build-up phase; a series of increasingly rapid, low-frequency in-and-out pants. Following the build-up phase, the call quickly builds into the climax, consisting of loud, high-frequency screams that eventually slow into the let-down phase, similar in structure to the build-up, but with decreasing amplitude and pace until the call is complete.Both male and female chimpanzees produce these unique vocalizations, with high-ranking adult males predominantly and more frequently emitting the pant-hoot. The pant-hoot is most often produced jointly with other males, in a complementary behaviour known as chorusing, as opposed to producing the calls individually.These loud, long-distance vocalizations are produced for numerous purposes in a variety of different circumstances and situations. Chorusing can be used to aid in the formation of social groups or parties amongst male chimpanzees, and used to display the dominance and strength of their party to conspecifics. Pant-hoot calls are also produced upon the arrival of  fruit trees  to indicate the location of abundant resources and when joining and greeting other members of their social group. Calls are produced to indicate the spatial location of the individuals in a party, facilitating the maintenance and unity of the social group by providing a means of communication between members while travelling, often listening to the distant calls made by other chimpanzees and responding to them. Also, pant-hoots are used to identify and distinguish between members of a social group, as each individual upholds some variation in their specific calls. Additionally, the level of pant-hooting in chimps vary based upon their individual dominance rank within a party. There are also levels of variation observed within the structure and expression of pant-hoot calls within this range of circumstances, which serve to separate populations, social parties and individuals from one another, allowing coherence between the members in all situations, as well as the establishment of individual identities among each chimp.
John Albert Sobrato (born c. May 23, 1939) is an American billionaire real estate developer, and the founder of the Cupertino, California-based Sobrato Organization, a Silicon Valley development firm specializing in commercial and residential real estate. He has been listed as one of the richest Americans for many years, and he and his family have made large philanthropic donations to a variety of causes.
East Branch Fishing Creek is a tributary of Fishing Creek in Columbia County and Sullivan County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is 4.4 miles (7.1 km) long. The stream and its tributaries are acidic and contain aluminum. The area in the vicinity was first settled in the late 18th century.
Hans Mortensen (September 2, 1943, at Tórshavn, Faroe Islands – September 11, 2019, at Tórshavn, Faroe Islands), was a Faroese businessman and entrepreneur. He was famous for founding and managing the biggest department store in Tórshavn, SMS, and was also recognised for his contribution in introducing trade and business terminology into the Faroese language. Between 1963 and 1976 he was part of the Faroese national handball team, first as a player and in 1976 as head coach.
The Czech Open in badminton is an international open held in the Czech Republic since 1993. This tournament followed the Czechoslovakian Open and is often used by European, in particular Danish, new generation talents as jump board into the European point. In 2018, the Český Badmintonový Svaz held two level 4 tournaments, the International Series in Karviná, and the International Challenge in Brno, which held in March and September, respectively.
Re Vandervell Trustees Ltd (No 2) [1974] EWCA Civ 7 is a leading English trusts law case, concerning resulting trusts.
This was the third decision concerning Tony Vandervell's will. The first was Vandervell v Inland Revenue Commissioners, where the House of Lords was concerned with whether an oral instruction to transfer an equitable interest in shares complied with the writing requirement under Law of Property Act 1925 section 53(1)(c), and so whether receipt of dividends was subject to tax. The second was In re Vandervell's Trusts, which involved the Special Commissioner of the Inland Revenue's ability to amend tax assessments.
The International Dance Organization (IDO) is an official, independent, politically neutral, non-profit, world dance and dance sport federation, registered in Slagelse, Denmark, for Performing Arts, Street and Couple Dances.  Members of the IDO are national dance federations; only non-profit organizations can join. The biggest IDO competitions, running for more than a week, are World Dance Olympiad in Moscow in the Spring and the World Show Dance and Tap Championships in Riesa in November and the World Ballet, Modern and Jazz Championships in Warsaw in December.
This article provides a list of definitions of the term pogrom. The term originated as a loanword from the Russian verb громи́ть (Russian pronunciation: [ɡrɐˈmʲitʲ]), meaning "to destroy, to wreak havoc, to demolish violently". The events in Odessa during Holy Week in 1871 were the first to be widely called a "pogrom" in Russian, and the events of 1881–82 introduced the term into common usage throughout the world.Numerous definitions of the term have been proposed by scholars and dictionary publishers, but use of the term is inconsistent. Research into pogroms frequently requires consideration of the precise meaning of the word. Werner Bergmann writes that "there is as yet no consensus on terminology here among researchers", that "there has as yet been little interlinked research into pogroms" and that pogrom research has not yet focused on "distinguishing pogroms from other, closely related forms of ethnic violence". A number of other scholars, such as John Klier, Henry Abramson, David Engel, Paul R. Brass and Neal Pease, have discussed the consistency of the application of the term and the implications of its usage.
The term is sometimes used as "a generic term in English for all forms of collective violence directed against Jews"; however, usage of the word in this wider sense has been disputed.
Ami jakushi (網杓子) is a skimmer used in the Japanese kitchen. The skimmer is made from a fine wire mesh and is used to remove small pieces of unwanted food or foam from a liquid. For example, in deep frying, the ami jakushi is used to remove small drops of batter during the frying of tempura. Another example would be the removal of foam from a miso soup to achieve a more pleasing aesthetic.
Bridgeville is a borough in Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The population was 5,148 at the 2010 census.
The Naga River (Central Bicol: Salog Naga) is a river in Naga City, Philippines. It is an extension of the Bicol River.
The 1959 Arizona Wildcats football team represented the University of Arizona in the Border Conference during the 1959 NCAA University Division football season.  In their first season under head coach Jim LaRue, the Wildcats compiled a 4–6 record (2–1 against Border opponents) and were outscored by their opponents, 211 to 118. The team captains were Gary Cropper and Jim Geist.  The team played its home games in Arizona Stadium in Tucson, Arizona.
The team's statistical leaders included Eddie Wilson with 476 passing yards, Warren Livingston with 380 rushing yards, and Willie Peete with 173 receiving yards.
The 1976 Spillers Greyhound Derby took place during June with the final being held on 26 June 1976 at White City Stadium.  
The winner was Mutts Silver and the winning owners, a syndicate headed by Ray Lancaster received £15,000. The competition was sponsored by the Spillers.
Costantino Cedini (1741 – 5 April 1811) was an Italian painter and art professor.
Glyphodes quadrifascialis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1899. It is found in the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Ghana.
Flavius Annius Eucharius Epiphanius (floruit 412–414) was praefectus urbi of the city of Rome from October 15, 412 to May 27, 414. He restored the Curia Julia.
FC Bayern Munich won the German double for the second time in three seasons, ensuring the first season for Felix Magath as manager was a successful one. With several German clubs suffering from financial difficulties at the time, the title race was a casual stroll for Bayern's star-filled squad, winning by 14 points, since sole rival Schalke 04 fell apart in the last month of the season. Among the key players in the success were Roy Makaay and playmaker Michael Ballack.
Duckenfield (or Duckingfield, or Dunkenfield) was launched in 1792 on the Thames. She was primarily a West Indiaman but between 1803 and 1805 she served the Royal Navy as an armed defense ship. She was last listed in 1819.
Venus and Mars is the fourth studio album by the British–American rock band Wings, and the sixth album by Paul McCartney after the break-up of the Beatles in 1970. Released in May 1975 as the follow-up to Band on the Run, Venus and Mars continued Wings' run of commercial success and provided a springboard for a year-long worldwide tour. The album was McCartney's first post-Beatles album to be released worldwide by Capitol Records rather than Apple.
After recording Band on the Run as a three-piece with wife Linda McCartney and guitarist Denny Laine, McCartney recruited guitarist Jimmy McCulloch and drummer Geoff Britton to the band in 1974. Recording sessions for the album took place in London, New Orleans and Los Angeles in November 1974 and early 1975. During the sessions, personal tensions caused Britton to quit after six months, forcing the band to recruit American drummer Joe English to finish the album.
Preceded by the single "Listen to What the Man Said", Venus and Mars peaked at number 1 in the US, the UK and other countries around the world. It also received mostly favourable reviews from music critics but was ultimately considered inferior to its predecessor. The album was reissued with bonus tracks in 1987 on CD and in 1993 as part of The Paul McCartney Collection. It was remastered in 2014 and released as a deluxe edition with bonus tracks and unreleased material.
Pseudocrossocheilus nigrovittatus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China. They live in on the bottom of fast flowing rivers and reach a maximum length of 9.7 cm.
The Yukon Field Force, later termed the Yukon Garrison, was a unit of 203 officers and men from the Permanent Force of the Canadian Militia that served in the Yukon between 1898 and 1900. The force was created in the wake of the Klondike Gold Rush in response to fears that the United States might attempt to seize the region. It left Ottawa on May 6, 1898, travelling by rail and sea to the port of Glenora in British Columbia. From there, the unit made an arduous journey of 890 kilometres (550 mi) on foot and using makeshift boats to Fort Selkirk, where they established their headquarters. A detachment of 72 men was sent to the boom town of Dawson City to support the North-West Mounted Police, with duties that included guarding the gold deposits of the local banks. As the fears of an annexation reduced, pressures grew for the recall of the force. The force was halved in size in July 1898 and the remainder were finally withdrawn in June 1900.
Holy Trinity the Less was a parish church in Knightrider Street in the City of London, destroyed in the Great Fire of London. Following the fire the site was used for a Lutheran church, which was eventually demolished in 1871 to make way for Mansion House underground station.
St Sepulchre was an ancient parish which always had its southern part within the City of London but its northern part outwith. The more popular terms used flexibly for this area (and outskirts) are Smithfield, Farringdon and Clerkenwell.
This meant for civil uses (foremost of which are the charitable works led by its priest or its patron then from the Tudor reforms its vestry, then for some decades after secularist reforms, the waning system of civil parishes) it was divided into:
St Sepulchre without Newgate in the Farringdon Without Ward of the City of London
St Sepulchre Middlesex, a smaller zone, to the north, in Middlesex, from the modern boroughs' creation in 1965, part of the London Borough of Islington.The ecclesiastical version today covers essentially the same land plus an extension to the south-east. It has one designated church, which is referred to as Holy Sepulchre London.
The James Parreco House is a historic home located at Greensboro in Greene County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1910, and is a 2 1/2-story, two bay sandstone dwelling, with Prairie Style design elements.  It has a hipped roof with wide waves and a one-story front porch with massive brick supports.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
Frode Helgerud (born 17 June 1950) is a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Oslo and graduated from the University of Oslo with the cand.philol. degree in 1976. He worked as secretariat leader for the Conservative Party parliamentary caucus from 1981 to 1983, and was a political adviser to Jan P. Syse in Willoch's Second Cabinet from 1983 to 1985. He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Oslo during the terms 1997–2001 and 2013–2017.In his career outside politics, Helgerud worked as director of environmental information in Norsk Hydro from 1985 to 1991, information director in Sparebanken NOR from 1991 to 1999, executive director of communications in successor companies Gjensidige NOR and DnB NOR between 1999 and 2004. From 2004 to 2014 he was the chief executive of Sparebankstiftelsen DnB NOR.
Wdecki Młyn [ˈvdɛt͡ski ˈmwɨn] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. The settlement has a population of 21.
Saprore  is a village in Phagwara Tehsil in Kapurthala district of Punjab State, India. It is located 32 kilometres (20 mi) from Kapurthala, 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from Phagwara.  The village is administrated by a Sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per the constitution of India and Panchayati raj (India).
Shizuka Murayama (村山密, Murayama Shizuka, October 26, 1918 - October 22, 2013) was a Japanese-French yōga painter.
Born in Ohara Village (present day Itako), Ibaraki Prefecture, Murayama started to study watercolor painting under Susumu Kobori. After moving to Tokyo, he enrolled at the private Kawabata Art Academy (川端画学校).
In the latter half of the 1950s, he moved to France, the citizenship of which he acquired in 1981.
Cacao is a barrio in the municipality of Quebradillas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,663. One of the communities within this barrio is named Cacao Community and in 2010 had a population of 1,001.
Lauren Hill (October 1, 1995 – April 10, 2015) was an American freshman basketball player at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati, who suffered from terminal brain cancer. She was runner up for 2014 Associated Press Female Athlete of the Year, coming second in voting to Mo'ne Davis.
Harriet Pye Esten or Harriet Pye Scott-Waring born Harriet Pye Bennett (1760s? – 1865) was an English actress and briefly a theatre manager.
Syzygium sandwicense is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii. Common names include ʻŌhiʻa ha, Hā, and Pāʻihi.  It is normally a large tree, reaching a height of 18 m (59 ft) and a trunk diameter of 0.9 m (3.0 ft), but is a shrub on exposed ridges. ʻŌhiʻa ha inhabits coastal mesic forests, mixed mesic forests, wet forests, and bogs at elevations of 230–1,220 m (750–4,000 ft) on most main islands.
Sinogastromyzon minutus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinogastromyzon. It is endemic to the Red River drainage in northwestern Vietnam. It lives in creeks and small rivers.
The counties (Croatian: županije) of Croatia are the primary administrative subdivisions of the Republic of Croatia.
Since they were re-established in 1992, Croatia has been divided into 20 counties and the capital city of Zagreb, which has the authority and legal status of both a county and a city (separate from the surrounding Zagreb County). As of 2015, the counties are subdivided into 128 cities and 428 (mostly rural) municipalities.
Anchieta College is a private Catholic primary and secondary school located in Nova Friburgo, in the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is named for the 16th century Jesuit missionary José de Anchieta.
In 2006, the college took 17th place nationally, 6th in the state, and 1st in Nova Friburgo in the National High School Examination (ESMS).
The 1972 British Motor Cars Invitational, also known as the BMC Invitational, was a women's tennis tournament that took place on indoor carpet courts at the Civic Auditorium in San Francisco in the United States. It was the second edition of the event and was held from January 12 through January 15, 1972. First-seeded Billie Jean King won the singles title, her second consecutive at the event, and earned $3,400 first-prize money.
Togus National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located at Togus, Kennebec County, Maine. Administered by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, it encompasses 31.2 acres (12.6 ha), and as of the end of 2020, had more than 5,300 interments. It is closed to new interments.
Priatek Plaza, also known as One Progress Plaza, is a 28-story skyscraper designed by Jung Brannen Associates located at 200 Central Avenue in downtown St. Petersburg, Florida. It was completed in 1990, and at 117.65 m (386.0 ft), it is the second tallest building in the city after One St. Petersburg, tallest building in Pinellas County, and has the largest tenant occupancy in a commercial office building on the entire South West coast of Florida. The tower was formerly known as the Bank of America Tower, and One Progress Plaza.On September 18, 2015, Kucera Properties announced that the tower would be renamed Priatek Plaza after the company Priatek. Priatek, which occupies about 8,000 square feet (740 m2) on the 23rd floor of the tower, had moved its headquarters into the tower after Kucera Properties had offered them an undisclosed amount. The official dedication ceremony for the new plaza's name was held on September 17, 2015.Other major tenants located in Priatek Plaza include The Mill Restaurant, Merrill Lynch, American Express Serve, Raymond James, and iQor.
The Oklahoma Victory Dolls (OKVD) is a flat-track roller derby league based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Founded in 2007, the league currently consists of two competitive teams which compete internationally against teams from other leagues, as well as home teams.   
The current league is a result of two previous mergers:  with the OKC Outlaws in 2015, and Oklahoma City Roller Derby in 2016.  The league originally consisted of four home teams that competed against each other.  Oklahoma Victory Dolls is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).
Bulbophyllum anakbaruppui is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
Frédéric "Fritz" Keller (born Friedrich Keller, 21 August 1913 – 8 June 1985) was a German-born professional French footballer who played as a forward in the Première division for RC Strasbourg, and for the France national team.
Wang Yuchen (born 5 August 1997 in Henan) is a Chinese former professional snooker player.
I Can See Your Voice (abbreviated ICSYV and stylized as I Can See Your Voice — Mystery music game show) (Korean: 너의 목소리가 보여; RR: Neoui moksoriga boyeo; MR: Nŏŭi moksorika poyŏ) is an international television mystery music game show franchise that originated in South Korea.
Xiandai Hanyu Guifan Cidian (simplified Chinese: 现代汉语规范词典; traditional Chinese: 現代漢語規範詞典; pinyin: Xiàndài Hànyǔ Guīfàn Cídiǎn; lit. Contemporary Chinese Standard Dictionary' or 'A Standard Dictionary of Contemporary Chinese) is a dictionary of Standard Chinese created as part of proposal in the Eighth Five-year Plan of China.: title page  It is similar to Xiandai Hanyu Cidian, but with notable divergences. The third edition has entries for 12,000 characters and 72,000 words, with over 80,000 example usages.
Terrence Nolen, usually called Terry Nolen, is an American theater director and the producing artistic director of the Arden Theatre Company.In 1988 Nolen co-founded the Arden Theatre Company with  Amy Murphy and Aaron Posner. He has helped the Arden garner 182 Barrymore Award nominations and 35 awards. He has won the 2006 Barrymore for best director for Opus and Winesberg, Ohio, the  Harold Prince Award For Outstanding Direction of a Musical for Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street in 2005, and the Harold Prince Award For Outstanding Direction of a Musical for The Baker's Wife in 2001.
The Lakeman Brothers were a folk music trio from England, consisting of Sean Lakeman, Sam Lakeman and Seth Lakeman. They released one album, Three Piece Suite, in 1994 before forming the band Equation with Kate Rusby and Kathryn Roberts.
Seth has gone on to have success as a solo artist, particularly with his Mercury Music Prize-nominated second album Kitty Jay (2004). Sean has recorded two albums with Kathryn Roberts and tours with Seth. Sam performs with his wife Cara Dillon.
Fusion is the ICT (Information and Communications Technology) for Development (ICT4D) movement of Sarvodaya, Sri Lanka, the leading NGO, serving over 15,000 villages. The name Sarvodaya is taken from the Sanskrit meaning of 'awakening (udaya) of all (sarva)', and roots back to the Gandhian ideals. Fusion, as implied by the true meaning of the word, envisages the fusion of the vision and mission of Sarvodaya into the broader development scenario, using Information and Communication technologies (ICT) as a common fabric. Thus, Fusion is identified as the ICT for Development (ICT4D) movement of Sarvodaya.Fusion primarily, but not exclusively, works with the villages that have already been socially and economically uplifted through diverse community development programs carried out over a period of time. Thus they are better prepared to connect with the information age. For instance a community having a registered society, with a healthy track record of micro-finance activities is recognized as better prepared to interact with digital technologies.
Fusion partners with multiple institutions including the State (Information and Communication Technology Agency of Sri Lanka), corporate, academic and civil organizations.
McCreary Central High School is a high school located in Stearns, Kentucky, United States. The school was built in 1978 by combining McCreary County High and Pine Knot High Schools.  The school recently underwent restructuring, which tiers class assignments of student around college readiness or EPAS benchmarks.
Ettore Perosio (May 10, 1868 - February 14, 1919) was an Italian composer and conductor.
Perosio was a native of Genoa, the son of art critic and amateur musician Giuseppe Perosio, who had been a friend of Giuseppe Verdi. The younger Perosio studied at the Niccolò Paganini Institute in Genoa before embarking on a conducting career that took him around Italy, as well as to Spain, Portugal, and the United States. His career also took him to Buenos Aires and Montevideo, where he worked alongside soprano Eugenia Burzio. Perosio married soprano Giuseppina Falconis della Perla (née Battaglia) in 1900. He died in the city of his birth. A plaque in his memory has been erected on the house in which he was born.Perosio composed five operas during his career. The first of these, premiered at Genoa's Teatro Paganini on January 13, 1889, was Adriana Lecouvreur, to a libretto by his father; based on the same play that later inspired Francesco Cilea, this saw performance in other theaters as well. It was followed on May 27, 1893 by Per l'amore, to a libretto by Iginio Rasi, which bowed at the Teatro Politeama in Genoa. Three other stage works - Furio, to a libretto by Luigi Orsini; Scacco al re, to a libretto by E. Ducati; and Morosina - appear never to have received a performance. Besides operas, Perosio also wrote chamber music, songs, and sacred works. He also produced Apoteosi di Colombo for the inauguration of the Columbian exposition in Genoa in 1892; this was premiered at the Teatro Carlo Felice.
Joseph DeJarnette (1866–1957), the director of Western State Hospital (located in Staunton, Virginia) from 1905 to 1943
Chikaar (Urdu: چکار) is a high plain and gateway to Darkot Pass The border between Chitral District and Gupis-Yasin District of Gilgit-Baltistan. It is a small village of around 200 families. Landscape around the village offers superb scenery of clouds and sky piercing peaks. In the last decade it has got significant importance due to the relatively easy route that it offers towards Darkot Pass.
Climbers and trekkers take porters from this point towards Darkot base camp. Though electricity is not available but few of the houses have solar panels to run home appliances. Usually trekkers take the benefit out of their hospitality and get their electronic equipment i.e. phone, camera etc. charged through solar panels.
An upper and next stage is Darkoot base-camp (often quoted as Chikaar Base). Chikaar base-camp is located at the left side of the accumulation zone of the Darkoot glacier. Trekkers and climbers make stopovers here to start their journey towards Darkot pass from Darkot glacier. Distance from Chikaar to Darkot Base-camp takes an ascending hike of 5–6 hours.
Leslie Townes "Bob" Hope  (May 29, 1903 – July 27, 2003) was a British-American stand-up comedian, vaudevillian, actor, singer, dancer, and author. With a career that spanned nearly 80 years, Hope appeared in more than 70 short and feature films, with 54 feature films with Hope as star, including a series of seven "Road" musical comedy movies with Bing Crosby as Hope's top-billed partner.
In addition to hosting the Academy Awards show 19 times, more than any other host, Hope appeared in many stage productions and television roles and wrote 14 books. The song "Thanks for the Memory" was his signature tune. Hope was born in the Eltham district of southeast London, arrived in the United States with his family at the age of four, and grew up near Cleveland, Ohio.
After a brief career as a boxer in the late 1910s, Hope began his career in show business in the early 1920s, initially as a comedian and dancer on the vaudeville circuit, before acting on Broadway. Hope began appearing on radio and in films starting in 1934. He was praised for his comedic timing, specializing in one-liners and rapid-fire delivery of jokes that were  often self-deprecating. He helped establish modern American stand-up comedy.Between 1941 and 1991, Hope made 57 tours for the United Service Organizations, entertaining active duty American military personnel around the world. In 1997, the United States Congress passed a bill that made Hope an honorary veteran of the U.S. Armed Forces. He also appeared in numerous television specials for NBC during his career and was one of the first users of cue cards.
Hope retired from public life in 1998 and died on July 27, 2003, at the age of 100 in his Toluca Lake home.
Collin S. Tarpley (1802 – April 30, 1860) was a Justice of the Supreme Court of Mississippi in 1851.Born in Petersburg, Virginia, Tarpley's family moved to Nashville, Tennessee, when he was ten. His widowed mother managed to secure his education in the Cumberland University.He subsequently taught school and then began the study of law under Governor Aaron V. Brown and James K. Polk, who were then partners. With their support, he gained admission to the bar, and began practice in the town of Pulaski. In 1831 he moved to Florence, Alabama, and became associated with John McKinley, who later became a justice of the United States Supreme Court. In 1838 Tarpley moved to Mississippi, settling in Hinds County, where he formed a partnership with Judge John M. Taylor. His firm enjoyed a large and lucrative practice. On the resignation of Chief Justice William L. Sharkey, Governor James Whitfield appointed Tarpley to the supreme bench. A controversy arose as to the power of the governor to make the appointment, and Tarpley soon resigned and resumed private practice.Tarpley "was public spirited and took an active interest in agricultural questions". In 1859 he "delivered a polished address" to the Shelby County, Tennessee, Agricultural Association, in which he earnestly advocated the conversion of the Hermitage, then the property of the State of Tennessee, into an agricultural college. He is said to have been the originator of the scheme for the construction of the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad. He drafted its charter, was one of its directors, devoted much time to the enterprise, and lived to see the fruition of the project which was regarded by many "as the dream of a visionary". He was an ardent Democrat, was a member of the Baltimore convention of 1852, and earnestly advocated the election of Jefferson Davis as governor of Mississippi.Tarpley died in Jackson, Mississippi, at the age of 58.
101 Gang Songs is an LP recorded in December 1960  by Bing Crosby for his own company, Project Records and distributed by Warner Bros. (W 2R-1401) and the RCA Victor Record Club in 1961 with lyric sheets to help the listener join in with the singing. Spread over two records, the album consists of twenty-four medleys of 101 old songs (hence the album's title) in a sing-along format. ("Gang" is meant in the sense of a group of friends, not a street gang or work gang.) Bing Crosby sings on most of the tracks. Those that aren't are marked with an asterisk. The chorus and orchestra accompaniment, arranged and conducted by Jack Halloran, was pre-recorded with Crosby over-dubbing his vocals.
This original double LP was also released as two separate albums under the titles, Join Bing in a Gang Song Sing Along in September 1961 and Join Bing and Sing Along-51 Good Time Songs in January 1962.The albums were released on CD in 2017 by Sepia Records.Selected tracks from the albums and from the earlier Join Bing and Sing Along record were later re-dubbed over a children's chorus, arranged and conducted by Jack Halloran, which was recorded on 17–19 May 1961. It was issued later to children's camps as "Sing Along With Bing".
Gmina Chotcza is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Chotcza, which lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Lipsko and 123 km (76 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
The gmina covers an area of 88.82 square kilometres (34.3 sq mi), and as of 2006 its total population is 2,601.
"Body of War: Songs that Inspired an Iraq War Veteran" is an album produced for the documentary Body of War,  directed by Ellen Spiro and Phil Donahue.  Curated by Iraq war veteran Tomas Young, it was released by Sire Records on March 18, 2008 — two days before the fifth anniversary of the United States’ invasion of Iraq.
"Body of War: Songs that Inspired an Iraq War Veteran" was produced by Michele Anthony, Eddie Vedder, Ellen Spiro, Nicole Vanderberg, Michael Goldstone, Holly Adams and Kelly Curtis.
Young personally selected each of the tracks that appear on Body of War: Songs that Inspired an Iraq War Veteran, including Eddie Vedder's previously unreleased, live version of "No More," which was written specifically for the Body of War documentary. It was performed with Ben Harper at Lollapalooza 2007 in Chicago's Grant Park. The double-CD set also features incisive songs from John Lennon, Bruce Springsteen, Bright Eyes, Neil Young, Lupe Fiasco, Serj Tankian and Kimya Dawson.
This music, Young says, serves as his personal ‘soundtrack for Iraq.’ "The compilation record was an idea that grew out of my love of music and my reliance on it before, during, and after the war," he says. "The songs I selected for the record were tracks that inspired, motivated, and at times, literally saved me over the past few years."
All proceeds from "Body of War: Songs That Inspired an Iraq War Veteran", which features original cover art designed and donated by acclaimed political artist Shepard Fairey, go to benefit the non-profit organization Iraq Veterans Against the War (IVAW), as chosen by Young. Founded in 2004 by Iraq war veterans, IVAW’s goal is to give voice to the large number of active-duty service people and veterans who are against the war, but are under various pressures to remain silent. In September, Sire Records donated $100,000 to IVAW in the name of Young, who is a spokesperson for the organization.
The Paraje Solo Formation is a geologic formation in Mexico. It preserves fossils dating back to the Neogene period.
The Grande Prairie Kings, formerly the Grande Prairie Wheelers until April 2011, are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada. They are members of the North West Junior Hockey League (NWJHL). The Kings moved from the Coca-Cola Centre to the Crosslink Sports Centre in January 2014, which has a capacity of 600.
Saint Paul of the Cross (Italian: San Paolo della Croce; born Paolo Francesco Danei; 3 January 1694 – 18 October 1775) was an Italian Roman Catholic mystic, and founder of the Passionists.
Lacosoma chiridota, the scalloped sack-bearer, is a species of sack-bearer moth in the family Mimallonidae.The MONA or Hodges number for Lacosoma chiridota is 7659.
The Portsmouth South by-election was held on 14 June 1984, following the death of Bonner Pink, the Conservative MP for Portsmouth South.
Portsmouth South was considered a safe seat for the Conservatives.  Pink had held the constituency since the 1966 general election, while the party had held the seat since its creation in 1918.  At the 1983 general election, Pink had taken just over half the votes cast.
Air Vice-Marshal Margaret Elaine West,  (née Brindle; born September 1961) is a senior Royal Air Force officer. She was the first woman to hold a non-honorary air vice-marshal or equivalent rank in the British Armed Forces since the Second World War, and the first to achieve that rank in the regular forces.
The 2004 Bassetlaw District Council election took place on 10 June 2004 to elect members of Bassetlaw District Council in Nottinghamshire, England as part of the 2004 United Kingdom local elections. One third of the council was up for election.
The National Conference Students' Union (NCSU) is the student wing of the Jammu & Kashmir National Conference party, established on 21 July 2012. The organisation was founded by Omar Abdullah working president of the National Conference.
Virgil Paul "Virg" Bernero (born March 31, 1964) is an American politician and former mayor of Lansing, Michigan, elected on November 8, 2005, and re-elected on November 3, 2009.  He is a member of the Democratic Party.  Prior to serving as mayor, Bernero served as a legislative aide, an Ingham County Commissioner and as a member of the Michigan House of Representatives and the Michigan Senate. He was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Michigan in 2010, losing in the November 2 general election to Republican Rick Snyder.
The cast of the television series MythBusters perform experiments to verify or debunk urban legends, old wives' tales, and the like. This is a list of the various myths tested on the show as well as the results of the experiments (the myth is Busted, Plausible, or Confirmed).
On February 28, 2012, Discovery Channel announced that the 2012 season would commence airing on March 25, 2012. The season aired in a Sunday time slot, instead of its previous Wednesday time slot.
Stefan Hantel, better known by his stage name Shantel (born 2 March 1968), is a German DJ and producer based in Frankfurt. He is known for his work with Romani brass orchestras, DJing and remixing traditional Balkan music with electronic beats.
Missong is a Southern Bantoid language of the Lower Fungom region of Cameroon, spoken in the village of the same name. It is closely related to Mungbam. There are around 400 speakers.
The Land District of Queanbeyan was one of the around 100 land districts of New South Wales which were introduced with the Crown Lands Act of 1884. It was based around the town of Queanbeyan, and included the area from near Lake George in the north, to Colinton in the south, and west to the Goodradigbee River and beyond it. In 1909, a large part of the district was transferred to the Commonwealth government to become the Australian Capital Territory.
The district was located in the Eastern Division, and included land in the counties of Murray and Cowley, and a small part of Buccleuch.  In 1890 the district was part of the Cooma Land Board. By 1907 the district was administered by the Goulburn Land Board. Cadastral maps made in the area have the name of the land district written on them.
The Zerex Special (Bruce McLaren called it the Cooper Oldsmobile in 1964, and it was also nicknamed the Jolly Green Giant) was a sports racing car. Originally a Cooper T53 built for the 1961 United States Grand Prix, it was rebuilt for usage in American sports car racing, and featured open-top bodywork. Initially using a 2.75-litre version of the Coventry Climax FPF straight-four engine, it later used a Traco-Oldsmobile 3.5-litre V8. The car won numerous races throughout its four-year career, being driven by drivers such as McLaren and Roger Penske.
Never Again is the second full-length album released by Discharge, in 1984, and is their first compilation album.  It should not be confused with the EP of the same name.  It includes tracks from their eponymous debut album, and from their previous extended plays.  All tracks are remastered, and remixed, and is considered  by Allmusic guide as "a great introduction" to the band.
The cover is a work by John Heartfield from 1932 entitled "The Meaning of Geneva, Where Capital Lives, There Can Be No Peace".
Schak August Steenberg Bull (10 May 1858 – 25 January 1956) was a Norwegian architect.
Miloš Máca (23 January 1927 – 27 March 1984) was a Czech athlete. He competed in the men's hammer throw at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
WPWR-TV, virtual channel 50 (UHF digital channel 24), is a MyNetworkTV owned-and-operated television station serving Chicago, Illinois, United States that is licensed to Gary, Indiana. It is one of two commercial television stations in Chicago that are licensed on the Indiana side of the market (alongside independent station WJYS, channel 62, in Hammond). Owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of Fox Corporation, WPWR-TV is part of a duopoly with Chicago-licensed Fox owned-and-operated station WFLD (channel 32). Both stations share studios on North Michigan Avenue in the Chicago Loop, and transmitter facilities atop the Willis Tower.
WPWR-TV sold its spectrum space in the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)'s incentive auction, and began channel-sharing with WFLD on June 11, 2018.
The Foton Gratour im6 (伽途im6) is a mini MPV produced by Foton, a subsidiary of BAIC Group.
Simi Peak is the highest peak in the Simi Hills of Southern California, at 2,405 feet (733 m).
The 20th National Congress of the People's Party is scheduled to be held at some point during the summer of 2022.The congress will be held amidst a climate of internal dispute within the party following Madrilenian election Isabel Díaz Ayuso's landslide victory in the 4 May 2021 regional election, as she came to be seen by a party sector as a better candidate than Pablo Casado to face off Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez in the next general election. The conflict came to a head from September 2021 onwards when both sides clashed for the control of the party's regional branch in the Community of Madrid, with Ayuso's possible rise to the presidency of the regional PP being seen by Casado's supporters as an immediate threat to his national leadership. While Ayuso has denied that it is in her interest to dispute Casado's post ahead of the next general election, the internal crisis has unveiled Casado's fears that an electoral defeat in the next general election may result in a leadership challenge that the more popular Ayuso could capitalize on if she was let to control the regional PP branch in Madrid, one of the most powerful within the party.
Victor Frankenstein is the protagonist in Mary Shelley's 1818 novel, Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus. He is an Italian-Swiss scientist (born in Naples, Italy) who, after studying chemical processes and the decay of living things, gains an insight into the creation of life and gives life to his own creature (often referred to as Frankenstein's monster, or often colloquially referred to as simply "Frankenstein"). Victor later regrets meddling with nature through his creation, as he inadvertently endangers his own life and the lives of his family and friends when the creature seeks revenge against him. He is first introduced in the novel when he is seeking to catch the monster near the North Pole and is saved from near death by Robert Walton and his crew. 
Some aspects of the character are believed to have been inspired by 17th-century alchemist Johann Konrad Dippel. Certainly, the author and people in her environment were aware of the experiment on electricity and dead tissues by Luigi Galvani and his nephew Antonio Aldini and the work of Alessandro Volta at the University of Pavia.
The County of Canning is a county (a cadastral division) in Queensland, Australia. The county consists of almost all of the former Shires of Caboolture, Maroochy and Kilcoy and the former City of Caloundra. Its main urbanised areas are centred on the Sunshine Coast (excluding Noosa) and the areas surrounding Caboolture.
Llan Ddu Fawr or Waun Claerddu is one of the highest summits in Ceredigion, Wales, at 594 metres (1,949 ft). It is located about 10 miles south of Pumlumon. The surrounding land can be very boggy. There is a trig point at the summit, but this is not the highest point. The peak is located within the region known as the Desert of Wales.
This is a list of airlines operating with an air operator's certificate granted by the Federal Office of Civil Aviation of Switzerland.
Mycetagroicus inflatus is an ant species which was discovered in 2005 by R.R. Silva and R. Feitosa in Brazil, and described by Brandao and Mayhe-Nunes in 2008.
Serena Williams was the defending champion, but withdrew due to an elbow injury.
Angelique Kerber won the title, defeating Karolína Plíšková in the final, 6–3, 5–7, 6–4.
Cochylimorpha triangulifera is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Russian Far East (Ussuri).
Øm Abbey (Øm Kloster) was a Cistercian monastery founded in 1172 in the Diocese of Aarhus near the town of Rye, between the lakes of Mossø and  Gudensø  in central Jutland, Denmark. It is one of many former monasteries and abbeys in the highland region of Søhøjlandet.
Delay-tolerant networking (DTN) is an approach to computer network architecture that seeks to address the technical issues in heterogeneous networks that may lack continuous network connectivity.  Examples of such networks are those operating in mobile or extreme terrestrial environments, or planned networks in space.
Recently, the term disruption-tolerant networking has gained currency in the United States due to support from DARPA, which has funded many DTN projects. Disruption may occur because of the limits of wireless radio range, sparsity of mobile nodes, energy resources, attack, and noise.
William M. Hoffman (April 12, 1939 – April 29, 2017) was an American playwright, theatre director, editor, and professor.
State Route 58 (SR 58) is a north–south state highway in northern Ohio maintained by the Ohio Department of Transportation (ODOT). The 41.627 miles (66.992 km) that make up SR 58 serve the cities of Ashland, Wellington, Oberlin, Amherst, and Lorain in Ashland and Lorain Counties. Its southern terminus is at US 250 in Ashland, and its northern terminus is at US 6 in Lorain.
Futatsu-iri Station (二ツ杁駅, Futatsu-iri eki) is a railway station in the city of Kiyosu, Aichi Prefecture,  Japan, operated by Meitetsu.
A Naturschutzgebiet (abbreviated NSG) is a category of protected area (nature reserve) within Germany's Federal Nature Conservation Act (the Bundesnaturschutzgesetz or BNatSchG).
Although often translated as 'Nature Reserve' in English, the Federal Agency for Nature Conservation (BfN) refers to them as 'Nature Conservation Areas'. It meets the criteria of an IUCN Category IV Habitat and Species Management Area.
The Pandora Hearts manga and anime series features an extensive cast of fictional characters created by Jun Mochizuki. The series revolves around Oz, heir to the Vessalius Dukedom, who has just turned fifteen. His life is rich and carefree, darkened only by the constant absence of his father. At his coming-of-age ceremony, everything changes. For no reason that he can discern, Oz is cast into the prison known as the "Abyss", only to be saved by a girl known as Alice, the Bloodstained Black Rabbit. The mystery there begins as Oz unravels the mystery behind Alice, the Abyss and the strange organization known as "Pandora".
The Course were a dance music act from the Netherlands. It consisted of DJ/producer Vincent Hendriks and vocalists Dewi Lopulalan and Irma Derby. They achieved their biggest commercial success in 1997.
Hendriks and Lopulalan first met in 1990 at a DJ "mix championship" in the Netherlands. They met again in 1996, at the same venue, and the two decided to collaborate on some music.
The group released their first single, "Ready or Not", a dance cover of the 1996 song by The Fugees, in early 1997, with echoes of other contemporary hits Ultra Flava by Farley & Heller and Hold That Sucker Down by The OT Quartet. It reached #5 in the UK Singles Chart in April, giving the band their first hit. The follow-up, a cover of Chaka Khan and Rufus' "Ain't Nobody" also fared well, reaching #8 in July. However, their third single, "Best Love", only made it to #51 in December. Subsequent singles failed to see chart action, proving The Course to be a "two-hit wonder". They broke up in the late 1990s because of the lack of commercial success after the first two singles.
Tack's Beach was a small community located on King Island in Placentia Bay. The population was 252 in 1921. The population had declined to 140 by 1966 due to a decline in fish stocks and the community was depopulated in 1967.
The Battle of Grodno (1708) was the first battle of the Swedish invasion of Russia on 26 January 1708, during the Great Northern War. Grodno was a city of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth at this time.
Moola Bulla Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. It is approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Halls Creek and 150 kilometres (93 mi) south of Warmun, and occupies an area of 6,600 square kilometres (2,548 sq mi). It bisects the watershed of the Fitzroy River and Ord Rivers.Moola Bulla was established in 1910 as a government-run station for the punishment of Aboriginal people, and remains an area that indigenous peoples avoid. With increasingly bloody conflict between Aborigines and pastoralists, it was hoped that opening a ration station would reduce the need for Aborigines to kill livestock for food, and that they could instead be trained for work on other cattle stations. The station was acquired for £18,061, and a manager and staff were appointed. The station was proclaimed a reserve and used as a camping ground for the local Aboriginal peoples, who were free to come and go as they pleased. The property's name is Aboriginal [which language?] for meat plenty.By 1912, the property carried a herd of approximately 12,000 head of cattle, and the following year turned off 650 head and slaughtered 400 head for their own consumption. In 1916, it occupied an area of 2,000 square miles (5,180 km2), about 50 miles (80 km) long and 40 miles (64 km) wide.The homestead was stocked with 13,000 head of cattle and 500 head of horses in 1916. In 1917 the property recorded over 20 inches (508 mm) rain, far above the average of the previous few years and guaranteeing a good next season.By 1920 the property occupied an area of 6,475 square kilometres (2,500 sq mi) and was stocked with 14,000 cattle. Employees of the station numbered close to 260, of which seven were of European descent. Aboriginal people such as young artist Daisy Andrews and her family, originally from the Walmajarri desert tribe, were sent to work at the station by authorities to prevent them from returning to their former tribal lands.In 1955, the state government sold the station to Queensland pastoralist Allan Goldman for £100,000. When Goldman bought Moola Bulla station, its 200 Aboriginal residents were given 24 hours to leave, and Moola Bulla sent truckloads of them to United Aborigines Mission at Fitzroy Crossing. Goldman sold the station two years later, for £150,000, to a syndicate of investors including Northern Territory grazier H. J. Mortimer.Peter Camm had been poised to buy the station, but the deal fell through when he was charged with cattle theft. The property was then acquired in 2001 by a syndicate of investors, including Andrew Cranswick, for A$18 million. In 2006, the syndicate sold it to agribusiness company Great Southern Group for an estimated A$30 million.Following Great Southern Group's 2009 collapse, Moola Bulla was sold in 2010 to its former part-owner, the South African Western Australian Pastoral Company (also owner of Beefwood Park) for A$20 million, with 25,000 head of cattle.In December 2014, the pastoral lease, along with Mt. Amhurst, Beefwood Park and Shamrock Stations, was to become part of Gina Rinehart's Liveringa Station Beef company, pending approval of higher stock numbers by the Western Australian Pastoral Board. However, the deal fell through and the property is still owned by SAWA.
The Rivière des Prairies generating station (in French: Centrale de la Rivière des Prairies) is a run of river hydroelectric power station on the Rivière des Prairies between the islands of Jesus and Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Built in 1929, it is now managed and operated by Hydro-Québec. It has a generating capacity of 48 MW. There is no lock allowing boats to bypass the dam.
The 2016–17 Argentine Primera División – Torneo de la Independencia was the 127th season of top-flight professional football in Argentina. The tournament was named in commemoration of the 200th anniversary of the Independence of Argentina.
The season began on August 26, 2016 and ended on June 27, 2017. Thirty teams competed in the league, twenty-nine returning from the 2016 season, and the addition of Talleres de Córdoba as the Primera B Nacional champion. Argentinos Juniors did not take part having been relegated the previous season.
Boca Juniors were crowned champions of Argentina for a 32nd time after rivals Banfield were beaten by San Lorenzo on June 20, 2017. As a result, Boca Juniors qualified for the 2018 Copa Libertadores and the 2017 Supercopa Argentina.
Albanian Literary Commission (Albanian: Komisija Letrare Shqipe), also known as the Literary Commission of Shkodër, was a scholarly committee established in Shkodër, north Albania in 1916. It gathered major personalities of Albanian literature and writing of the time, and was formed with the aim of defining a fixed literary standard and orthographic rules for the Albanian language which were lacking at the time, in order to encourage the publication of schooltexts.
This is the chapter roll of Alpha Pi Mu, the honor society for Industrial and Systems Engineering students. In all but two cases, chapters of this society are named after each school, and not given Greek designations. Two chapters, at Syracuse and Iowa State, have Greek letter names to recognize previous local societies there.
Active chapters are indicated by bold text, inactive chapters are italicized. References cited within each listing or below.
Craig Hawkins is a Welsh rugby union player. He has previously played for Pro14 team Scarlets before leaving in 2013. He most recently played for Llanelli RFC. His usual position is hooker.
Pulchra is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.The Parish has an arid landscape and the nearest town is Whitecliffs. 
Pulchra has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is 249.7 millimetres (9.8 in) which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert),. is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.The parish is halfway between Mutawintji National Park and White Cliffs NSW, and Sydney, Australia is 880 km away to the east-southeast of Pulchra. Pulchra is at an elevation of approximately 163m above sea level.
The calcaneocuboid joint is the joint between the calcaneus and the cuboid bone.
Welsh independence (Welsh: Annibyniaeth i Gymru) is a political movement supporting Wales leaving the United Kingdom to become an independent sovereign state.  Territory forming part of present-day Wales was conquered by Edward I of England during the 13th century, and it was integrated into the Kingdom of England by the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 and 1542. 
The modern Welsh independence movement emerged during the mid-19th century. In the 21st century the political parties Plaid Cymru, Propel, Gwlad, and the Wales Green Party support Welsh independence, as does the non-partisan YesCymru campaign.
In topology, a branch of mathematics, a cubical set is a set-valued contravariant functor on the category of (various) n-cubes. See the references for the more precise definitions.
Susitha R. Fernando is a journalist and the film critic for a Sri Lankan English-language daily newspaper the Daily Mirror and its Sunday weekly edition, The Sunday Times, based in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
In the statistical physics of disordered systems, the random energy model is a toy model of a system with quenched disorder, such as a spin glass, having a first-order phase transition. It concerns the statistics of a collection of 
          S
          
            i
          
   that can take one of two possible values 
          S
          
            i
          
  ) so that the number of possible states for the system is 
          2
          
            N
          
  . The energies of such states are independent and identically distributed Gaussian random variables 
          E
          
            x
          
          
            N
          
          /
   with zero mean and a variance of 
          /
  . Many properties of this model can be computed exactly. Its simplicity makes this model suitable for pedagogical introduction of concepts like quenched disorder and replica symmetry.
Asimov's Science Fiction: 30th Anniversary Anthology (2007) is a science fiction anthology edited by Sheila Williams, the editor of Asimov's Science Fiction, of short stories that were all originally published in Asimov's. The book includes a five-page introduction by Williams, in which she briefly reviews the history of the magazine and clarifies that the book is merely a sampling from the magazine's history, not an attempt at a "best of", because that would have to run to many volumes. The book includes seventeen short stories, and a nine-page set of brief author biographies at the end.
The stories are as follows, with dates of original publication in Asimov's:
Countess Johanna von Westphalen zu Fuerstenberg (German: Johanna Reichsgräfin von Westphalen zu Fürstenberg; Johanna Paula Alphonsa Josepha Antonia Huberta Maria de Mercede Cosmas und Damian; née von Galen, 24 September 1936 – 21 January 2016) was a German conservative politician and Catholic activist. A member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany, she was active in the anti-abortion movement and a patron of Catholic institutions. She was knighted by Pope John Paul II in 2002 as a Dame Grand Cross of the Order of St. Gregory the Great.
Kristian Hargreaves is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Max Brown between 2002 and 2004.
William Loren McGonagle (November 19, 1925 – March 3, 1999) was a United States Navy officer who received the Medal of Honor for his actions while in command of the USS Liberty when it was attacked by Israel in the Eastern Mediterranean on June 8, 1967 during the Six-Day War.
After accepting a commission in the United States Navy in 1944, McGonagle held various assignments before taking command of the Liberty in 1966. In June 1967 the Liberty was sailing in international waters in the Eastern Mediterranean when it was attacked by the Israel Defense Forces, injuring McGonagle, killing and injuring other members of his crew, and severely damaging the ship. He maintained control of the ship until help arrived, and after healing from his wounds was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on the Liberty in 1967. He continued his navy career, holding several more positions until retiring in 1974. When he died in 1999 he was buried at Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors a short distance from the graves of some of his crew who were killed during the attack.
The Campionato Italiano, (Italian Championship), was a domestic championship which took place in Italy for between 1958 and 1963, for Formula Junior cars.  From 1964 onwards, the championship ran Formula Three specification cars instead.
The 1983 Balearic regional election was held on Sunday, 8 May 1983, to elect the 1st Parliament of the autonomous community of the Balearic Islands. All 54 seats in the Parliament were up for election. The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in twelve other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
The regional picture, at first glance, had been dominated by the Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD), heading the pre-autonomic government since 1978 and having won the 1979 elections to the Mallorca and Menorca Island Councils. However, the UCD was dissolved in early 1983 after its disastrous defeat in the 1982 Spanish general election, with its supporters fleeing to the People's Alliance (AP), the People's Democratic Party (PDP) or, as one of its erstwhile leaders, the newly founded Majorcan Union (UM). Other parties which had also contested the Island Council elections four years previously were the regional branch of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), the Socialist Party of Majorca (PSM) or the Communist Party of the Balearic Islands (PCIB).
The election resulted in a tie at 21 seats between the People's Coalition—formed by AP, the PDP and the Liberal Union (UL)—and the PSOE, with a narrow overall victory for the centre-right parties. AP candidate Gabriel Cañellas was able to access the regional government through the support of UM—which had obtained 6 seats—and the votes from the Liberal Democratic Party (PDL) and the Menorcan Independent Candidacy (CIM).
Nathan Marcellus Parsons (March 15, 1888 in York County, Nebraska – October 17, 1945 in Lincoln, Nebraska) was an American pharmacist and politician. A Democrat, he was elected to a very brief term as the 21st lieutenant governor of Nebraska - about two months in late 1938 and early 1939.
Salafia Jihadia (Arabic: السلفية الجهادية al-Salafiya al-jihadiya) is a Salafi jihadist militant group based in Morocco and Spain with links to Al-Qaeda. The group is associated with the Moroccan Islamic Combatant Group (GICM), and in addition to a series of religiously sanctioned extrajudicial killings, it was notably responsible for the 2003 Casablanca bombings, in which twelve suicide bombers killed 33 people and injured over 100. Salafia Jihadia has variously been described as a movement or loose network of groups, or as a generic term applied by Moroccan authorities for militant Salafi activists.
Prostitution in Hawaii is illegal but common.  There are about 150 brothels in Oahu alone.
James Dalgleish Kellie-MacCallum  (1845 – 7 September 1932) was a British police officer who served as Chief Constable of Northamptonshire County Constabulary for fifty years, from 1881 to 1931.Kellie-MacCallum was born at Braco Castle, Perthshire and educated at Loretto School and Trinity College, Glenalmond. He was commissioned into the 79th Foot (later the Cameron Highlanders) in 1865. He served in the Ashanti War of 1873–1874, attached to the Black Watch, and was recommended for the Victoria Cross during the advance on Kumasi. He did not receive it, but was mentioned in despatches. He retired from the Army in 1876 with the rank of lieutenant.
He was awarded the King's Police Medal (KPM) in December 1912, appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1920 civilian war honours, and Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1924 Birthday Honours.
Election is a board game published in 1972 by Intellect Games.
The Charles MacCallum House is a single-family home located at 1227 West Sugnet Street in Midland, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Shri. RLT College of Science at Akola in Maharashtra, India is a prominent science college of the Vidarbha region as well as in India.
Vlad Alexandru Nistor (born 26 March 1994) is a Romanian international rugby union player. He was a replacement player at the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
Pope  John Paul II (Latin: Ioannes Paulus II; Italian: Giovanni Paolo II; Polish: Jan Paweł II; born Karol Józef Wojtyła [ˈkarɔl ˈjuzɛv vɔjˈtɨwa]; 18 May 1920 – 2 April 2005) was the head of the Catholic Church and sovereign of the Vatican City State from 1978 until his death in 2005. He was elected pope by the second papal conclave of 1978, which was called after John Paul I, who had been elected in August to succeed Pope Paul VI, died after 33 days. Cardinal Wojtyła was elected on the third day of the conclave and adopted the name of his predecessor in tribute to him. Born in Poland, John Paul II was the first non-Italian pope since Adrian VI in the 16th century and the second-longest-serving pope in modern history.
John Paul II attempted to improve the Catholic Church's relations with Judaism, Islam, and the Eastern Orthodox Church. He maintained the Church's previous positions on such matters as abortion, artificial contraception, the ordination of women, and a celibate clergy, and although he supported the reforms of the Second Vatican Council, he was seen as generally conservative in their interpretation. He was one of the most travelled world leaders in history, visiting 129 countries during his pontificate. As part of his special emphasis on the universal call to holiness, he beatified 1,340 and canonised 483 people, more than the combined tally of his predecessors during the preceding five centuries. By the time of his death, he had named most of the College of Cardinals, consecrated or co-consecrated many of the world's bishops, and ordained many priests. He has also been credited with helping to end Communist rule in his native Poland as well as the rest of Europe.John Paul II's cause for canonisation commenced one month after his death with the traditional five-year waiting period waived. On 19 December 2009, John Paul II was proclaimed venerable by his successor, Benedict XVI, and was beatified on 1 May 2011 (Divine Mercy Sunday) after the Congregation for the Causes of Saints attributed one miracle to his intercession, the healing of a French nun called Marie Simon Pierre from Parkinson's disease. A second miracle was approved on 2 July 2013, and confirmed by Pope Francis two days later. John Paul II was canonised on 27 April 2014 (again Divine Mercy Sunday), together with John XXIII. On 11 September 2014, Pope Francis added these two optional memorials to the worldwide General Roman Calendar of saints. It is traditional to celebrate saints' feast days on the anniversary of their deaths, but that of John Paul II (22 October) is celebrated on the anniversary of his papal inauguration. Posthumously, he has been referred to by some Catholics as "St. John Paul the Great", although the title has no official recognition.
The Russian Penguins were a professional touring Russian ice hockey club that competed in the 1993–94 IHL season, playing one game against each of the 13 teams involved in the regular IHL season. The results of the games played by the Russian Penguins counted in the standings for that season. The Penguins finished with a record of 2 wins, 9 losses, and 2 overtime losses earning them 6 points.
In 1993, Pittsburgh Penguins owner Howard Baldwin bought a 50% interest in the struggling HC CSKA Moscow team and signed a management contract to run that club's arena. The aim was to provide the team with Western sponsorship and much-needed capital, as well as providing the Pittsburgh club with easier access to Russian players. The partnership lasted two years until Baldwin and other sponsors pulled out.
Nikolai Khabibulin was the most notable player on that roster.  Other roster highlights included former first-round draft pick Yan Golubovsky and former New Jersey Devils forward Sergei Brylin.
The history of the Pittsburgh Penguins investment in the team is chronicled in Gabe Polsky's critically 2019 documentary Red Penguins. The film features interviews with Howard Baldwin, Steven Warshaw, and CSKA General Manager at the time Valery Gushin.
Micrandra spruceana is a species of tree in the family Euphorbiaceae. It is native to South America.
People's Tamil Congress is an unregistered extraparliamentary Sri Lankan political party led by L. P. Shanmuganathan. In the 2005 presidential election the party supported Mahinda Rajapaksa but in the 2010 election the supported the opposition candidate Sarath Fonseka. In the April 2010 parliamentary election People's Tamil Congress participated as a part of General Fonseka's Democratic National Alliance. Party leader Shanmuganathan was candidate in Colombo Electoral District but neither he nor any party member was elected.
Hans Nilsson (born September 5, 1946) is a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s. He won a bronze medal in the K-4 10000 m event at the 1970 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Copenhagen.
Nilsson also competed in two Summer Olympics, earning his best finish of fourth in the K-4 1000 m event at Mexico City in 1968.
Eric Mark Palmqvist (born 18 October 1970 in Malmöhus) is a Swedish politician. He is currently a Sweden Democratic member of the Swedish Riksdag for Norrbotten.
Lullingstone Roman Villa is a villa built during the Roman occupation of Britain, situated in Lullingstone near the village of Eynsford in Kent, south eastern England. The villa is located in the Darent Valley, along with six others, including those at Crofton, Crayford and Dartford. Constructed in the 1st century, perhaps around 80-90 CE, the house was repeatedly expanded and occupied until it was destroyed by fire in the 4th or 5th century. The villa was occupied over various periods within the Romano-British period, but after its destruction, it is only thought to have been reoccupied during the Medieval Times. The occupants were most likely wealthy Romans or native Britons who had adopted Roman customs.
Some evidence found on site suggests that around 150 CE, the villa was considerably enlarged and may have been used as the country retreat of the governors of the Roman province of Britannia. Two sculpted marble busts found in the cellar may be those of Pertinax, governor in 185-186, and his father-in-law, Publius Helvius Successus.  In the 4th century a room, probably already in religious use, was converted to a Christian chapel or house church, much the earliest known in the British Isles.
In the Anglo-Saxon period, the ruins of a Roman temple-mausoleum on the site of the villa were incorporated into a Christian chapel (Lullingstone Chapel) that was extant at the time of the Norman Conquest, one of the earliest known chapels in the country.
In addition to the pagan shrine in the villa's chapel and the dining room mosaics, the villa produced significant artistic finds including the Lullingstone Victory Gem and the busts.
Sociometry is a qualitative method for measuring social relationships. It was developed by psychotherapist Jacob L. Moreno and Helen Hall Jennings in their studies of the relationship between social  structures and psychological well-being, and used during Remedial Teaching.
In mathematics, a mutation, also called a homotope, of a unital Jordan algebra is a new Jordan algebra defined by a given element of the Jordan algebra. The mutation has a unit if and only if the given element is invertible, in which case the mutation is called a proper mutation or an isotope. Mutations were first introduced by Max Koecher in his Jordan algebraic approach to Hermitian symmetric spaces and bounded symmetric domains of tube type. Their functorial properties allow an explicit construction of the corresponding Hermitian symmetric space of compact type as a compactification of a finite-dimensional complex semisimple Jordan algebra. The automorphism group of the compactification becomes a complex subgroup, the complexification of its maximal compact subgroup. Both groups act transitively on the compactification. The theory has been extended to cover all Hermitian symmetric spaces using the theory of Jordan pairs or Jordan triple systems. Koecher obtained the results in the more general case directly from the Jordan algebra case using the fact that only Jordan pairs associated with period two automorphisms of Jordan algebras are required.
Algerine Hill is a mountain in the Central New York region of New York state. It is located south of Furnaceville, New York.
Wilamowice [vʲilamɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] (earlier Willamowice, German: Wilmesau, in local Wymysorys: Wymysoü) is a rural town in southern Poland, situated in the Bielsko County, Silesian Voivodeship (since 1999, previously in Bielsko-Biała Voivodeship, 1975–1998). According to a UNESCO report in 2009, the rural town is also known for the endangered language Wymysorys, a minority ethnolect, one of many Germanic "colonial" dialects spoken in the country since the Medieval period.
Léopold Charlier  (November 8, 1867 – July 23, 1936) was a Belgian violinist and music teacher.
Uracis is a genus from the family Libellulidae.  The genus was first described by Jules Pierre Rambur.
Banco Santander Totta S.A., also known as Banco Santander (Portugal), is a subsidiary of Banco Santander in Portugal. Founded in 1988, it is currently the largest private bank in Portugal. In 2000, the then Banco Totta was acquired by Santander Group, later changing its name to Banco Santander Totta. In 2004 the bank absorbed sister company Crédito Predial Português.
In Portugal, the Banco Santander Totta has 670 branches (2017) of which 280 offer accessibility for people with reduced mobility and 1,898 ATM installed, which can be used by customers and non-customers, complying with the accessibility regulations. The bank currently has 6,781 employees and 4.7 million customers of which 558 thousand digital customers.
In December 2015, the Banco Santander Totta purchased Banco Internacional do Funchal for 150 million euros.
In June 2017, Banco Santander bought the Banco Popular Español for the symbolic value of 1 euro. The brand Banco Popular Portugal disappeared increasing the size of Banco Santander Totta.
In 2018, Banco Santander Totta was renamed Banco Santander (Portugal), within the scope of the Banco Santander brand renewal strategy.
Mihamleh-ye Sofla (Persian: ميهمله سفلي, also Romanized as Mīhamleh-ye Soflá; also known as Mīhamleh-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Deymkaran Rural District, Salehabad District, Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 412, in 89 families.
Rose Victoria Williams (born 18 February 1994) is an English actress from Ealing, London. She is best known for her work as Princess Claude in Reign and as Charlotte Heywood in Sanditon.
The New Haven Museum and Historical Society (originally known as the New Haven Colony Historical Society) was founded in 1862 in New Haven, Connecticut for the purposes of preserving and presenting the region’s history. The museum has a collection containing art, photography, furniture and other artifacts from throughout New Haven’s history and regularly presents programs and special exhibits.The Museum features exhibitions on New Haven, La Amistad, local art and decorative arts, with collections associated with Eli Whitney, Winchester, Yale, East Rock, Noah Webster, Benedict Arnold as well as changing exhibitions.  Educational programs provide interactive inquiry-based learning on local history.The Whitney Research Library at the museum contains manuscript and archival holdings relevant to the New Haven area from the time of the first settlement to the present. The collection includes rare books, more than 300 manuscript collections, including personal papers, business and institutional records, court and municipal documents, maps, 4,000 architectural drawings and resources, account books and a collection of approximately 75,000 photographs. It also contains approximately 30,000 printed titles including monographs and pamphlets.  The library also includes genealogical materials, vital statistics and colonial and town records, passenger arrival lists to American ports, Federal census schedules for New Haven County on microfilm and a complete set of New Haven city directories from 1840.The Colonial revival style current building was built in 1929 and was designed by J. Frederick Kelly.  The building includes a number of artifacts from demolished New Haven houses including a mantelpiece and urns from the Nathan Smith house and a mantelpiece from the Benedict Arnold house. The Ingersoll Room in the museum is decorated with furniture and portraits from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries documenting the home and life of New Haven’s Ingersoll family.
José da Cruz Policarpo, GCC (Portuguese: [ʒuˈzɛ dɐ kɾuʃ poliˈkaɾpu]; 26 February 1936 – 12 March 2014), officially referred to as José IV, Patriarch of Lisbon, though usually referred to as "D. José Policarpo", was Patriarch of Lisbon from 24 March 1998 to 18 May 2013. Pope John Paul II made him a Cardinal in 2001. Policarpo held a doctorate in theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome.
Nick James Mansfield (born 1959) is an Australian philosopher and Dean of Higher Degree Research at the Macquarie University. He is known for his research on subjectivity and sovereignty. Mansfield is one of the founding general editors of the journal Derrida Today.
Poyner v. Commissioner 301 F.2d 287 (4th Cir.1962) is a United States tax law case that discusses whether "special death benefits" paid to an employee's widow are exempt from taxes as a gift under §102(a).
(1) whether the payments were made to the spouse of the deceased shareholder, not to his estate;
(2) whether the payor had been under no obligation to make the payments and had, in fact, decided on previous occasions not to make payments to persons qualified;
(3) whether the company derived benefit of an economic nature from the payments;
(4) whether the recipient had ever performed any services for the company;
(5) whether the services of the deceased employee had been fully compensated during his lifetime.
Under the Radar Over the Top is the fourteenth studio album by German hard dance group Scooter. The album was released in Germany on 2 October 2009, preceded by the single "J'adore Hardcore" on 14 August. A second single, "Ti Sento", was released on the same day as the album. The album was released in the UK on 23 November 2009. The third single "The Sound Above My Hair" was released on 27 November 2009., and "Stuck on Replay", the 4th single from the album is being used as the official theme song of 2010 IIHF World Championship.
The album's cover was photographed at the former American NSA espionage site Teufelsberg in Berlin. The title comes from Alexis Petridis' Guardian article about the group's unexpected UK success in 2008. The album's release was supported by a German tour in March 2010.Under the Radar Over the Top went gold in 2010.
Śmiadowo [ɕmjaˈdɔvɔ] (German: Hochfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Borne Sulinowo, 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Szczecinek, and 132 km (82 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania, 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Odites semibrunnea is a moth in the family Depressariidae. It was described by John David Bradley in 1958 and is found in Kenya.The larvae feed on Coffea arabica.
Juan Francisco Estrada Romero (born April 14, 1990) is a Mexican professional boxer. He is a two-weight world champion, having held The Ring super flyweight title since 2019 and the WBA (Super) title since March 2021. He previously held the WBA (Unified) and WBO flyweight titles between 2012 and 2015, and the WBC super flyweight title in March 2021. He also challenged once for the WBA light flyweight title in 2012. As of January 2021, Estrada is ranked as the world's ninth best active boxer, pound for pound, by the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board (TBRB), seventh by The Ring, and tenth by Boxing Writers Association of America (BWAA) . He is also ranked as the world's best active super flyweight by The Ring and the TBRB and BoxRec.
The McGregor Trophy is the English Boys Under 16 Open Amateur Stroke-Play Championship. It was founded in 1982.
Stefan Krook (born 1 October 1950) is a Swedish sailor.  He won a silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics and a gold medal at the World Championship 1970, as well as at the European Championship 1975 in the Soling Class. He has also won 2 bronze medals at the World Championships 1973 and 1979, and several Nordic and Swedish Championship gold medals in the Soling Class.
Poikkaal Kuthirai Aattam (poi - False, kaal - leg, Kuthirai – Horse) or Puravi Aattam (Tamil:பொய்க்கால்குதிரை ஆட்டம்) (Dummy Horse Dance) is one of the folk dances of Tamil Nadu. It is a type of dance performed with a dummy horse having a gap inside so that a person can fit into it to perform the dance.
Kuwanon G is an antimicrobial bombesin receptor antagonist, isolated from Morus alba.
Gephyrota virescens, is a species of spider of the genus Gephyrota. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
The Hutchens device is a device for protecting race car drivers in the event of an accident by controlling head movement, reducing head and neck injuries due to whiplash. It consists of a series of straps, attached to the helmet and connected across the chest and at the waist, depending on the lap belt for anchoring. The device was developed beginning in 2000.
From 2001 until 2004 NASCAR mandated that drivers use either the Hutchens device or the HANS device. NASCAR banned the use of the Hutchens device in January 2005 and forced all drivers to use the HANS device instead.
Rushall is a large village in the Metropolitan Borough of Walsall, West Midlands, England, centred on the main road between Walsall and Lichfield. It was mostly developed after 1920. It was served by Rushall (West Midlands) railway station for about a century until the 1960s. The Walsall–Lichfield line remained open for freight until 1983.
Madelyn Pugh (March 15, 1921 – April 20, 2011), sometimes credited as Madelyn Pugh Davis, Madelyn Davis, or Madelyn Martin, was a television writer who became known in the 1950s for her work on the I Love Lucy television series.
The Argentina Range is a mountain range of rock peaks and bluffs, 68 km (42 mi) long, lying 56 km (35 mi) east of the northern part of Forrestal Range in the northeastern portion of the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica. Discovered and photographed on January 13, 1956, in the course of a US Navy transcontinental nonstop plane flight from McMurdo Sound to Weddell Sea and return.
Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Argentina, which for many years from 1955 maintained a scientific station on the Filchner Ice Shelf at the General Belgrano or Ellsworth Station site. The entire Pensacola Mountains were mapped by United States Geological Survey in 1967 and 1968 from ground surveys and from US Navy tricamera photographs taken in 1964.
Sterling Archibald Galt (October 1866 – October 21, 1908) was a United States Army Sergeant Major who received the Medal of Honor for actions on November 9, 1899, during the Philippine–American War. He later obtained the rank of Sergeant Major. Sergeant Major Galt was born in Taneytown, Maryland.
The al-Khanqah al-Salahiyya Mosque (Arabic: مسجد الخانقاه الصلاحية) is an Islamic place of worship located in the Christian Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem, north of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.
Lily: A Longitudinal View of Life With Down Syndrome is a three-part documentary that follows Lily, an individual with Down syndrome. The series shows her life over a period of 30 years, during which Lily attends elementary school, graduates from high school, and eventually lives independently.
Mozambique have participated in five Commonwealth Games since joining the Commonwealth in 1995.
Streetcars originally operated in Atlanta downtown and into the surrounding areas from 1871 until the final line's closure in 1949.
The first such transportation began with horsecars in 1871, and electric streetcar service started in the 1880s. In addition to streetcars in Atlanta proper, there were also interurban railways from Atlanta to outlying towns. The last streetcar service on the old network ended in 1949; the streetcar system was quickly replaced by a trolleybus system and with buses.
After decades of planning, construction of a new streetcar system, the Atlanta Streetcar, began in early 2012. Consisting initially of a single route, this new streetcar line opened in December 2014. Planning for a larger network, including on an abandoned loop of intown rail tracks now known as the BeltLine is under way.
George Shibata (November 14, 1926 in Garland, Utah – May 20, 1987 in Huntington Beach, California) was an American actor and the first Asian (Japanese) American graduate of any of the United States Service Academies, graduating from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1951.
Alexander I of Macedon (Greek: Ἀλέξανδρος ὁ Μακεδών), known with the title Philhellene (Greek: φιλέλλην, literally "fond/lover of the Greeks", and in this context "Greek patriot") was the ruler of the ancient Kingdom of Macedon from c. 498 BC until his death in 454 BC. He was succeeded by his eldest son, Alcetas II.
George Beluso Rimando (born February 2, 1953) is an auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Davao in the Philippines.Rimando was ordained a priest on April 22, 1980.
On March 4, 2006, Pope Benedict XVI appointed him Auxiliary Bishop of Davao and Titular Bishop of Vada. He was consecrated bishop on May 25, 2006 by Fernando Capalla, Archbishop of Davao. Co-consecrators were Romulo Geolina Valles, Bishop of Kidapawan; and Wilfredo D. Manlapaz, Bishop of Tagum.
The buk (Korean: 북) is a traditional Korean drum. While the term buk is a native Korean word used as a generic term meaning "drum" (the Sino-Korean word being go), it is most often used to refer to a shallow barrel-shaped drum, with a round wooden body that is covered on both ends with animal skin. Buk are categorized as hyeokbu (혁부, 革部) which are instruments made with leather, and has been used for jeongak (Korean court music) and folk music.
Desmarestia anceps is a species of brown algae found in the Antarctic Peninsula.
Anil Relia is an Indian art collector, known for his portrait collection. He has over 3000 portraits and his personal collection includes many miniature paintings, early photographs along with works of artists like Raja Ravi Varma, M. F. Husain, Hemen Majumdar, Bhupen Khakhar, Jyoti Bhatt, Haku Shah, K. G. Subramanyan, S.H. Raza, Thota Vaikuntam, Manu Parekh and many more.
Fernando Suarez (7 February 1967 – 4 February 2020) was a Filipino Catholic priest who performed faith healing in the Philippines and abroad. He grew up in the Philippines and spent much of his life working in the Philippines. In 1995 he left with a Chemical Engineering degree travelling to Winnipeg, Canada to pursue his calling to become a priest. In 1997 he joined the Companions of the Cross community of priests and seminarians in Ottawa, Canada.  (He left the Companions of the Cross in 2011.)  Suarez was ordained to the priesthood in 2002 and began to focus on faith healing. In July 2003 he was assigned to begin a ministry of healing. He established Mother Mary of the Poor Healing Ministry with the mission and intent "to seek holiness in evangelizing and working with the poor through the intercession of the Blessed Virgin Mary."
Almadena Yurevna Chtchelkanova is a Russian-American scientist. She is a program director in the Division of Computing and Communication Foundations at the National Science Foundation.
Renwu District or Jenwu District (Chinese: 仁武區; pinyin: Rénwǔ Qū; Wade–Giles: Jen2-wu3 Ch'ü1) is a suburban district of Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan.
Trick candles are a novelty candle often used  at children's birthday parties. These candles relight themselves using a fuse similar to those in fireworks, the principle being that by igniting magnesium inserted into the wick of the candle, the paraffin vapor given off when a candle is blown out can be set alight, and through this, the candle can reignite.Despite employing a principle shared with fireworks,  these fuses are, however, much less dangerous, and are easily extinguished with water.
Ghana U23 football team (also known as Ghana Olympic football team or Black Meteors), represents Ghana in international football competitions in Olympic Games, All-Africa Games, and CAF U-23 Championship. The selection is limited to players aged 23 and under the age of 23, except during the Olympic Games where the use of three overage players is allowed. The team is controlled by the Ghana Football Association (GFA).
The team had qualified for five straight Olympic Games Football Tournaments when the tournament was still a full senior national team competition. In 1992, they became the first African country to win a medal at Olympic Games football. The Black Meteors failed to qualify for Beijing 2008 and although being the 2011 All-Africa Games champions, the Ghana Olympic football team failed to qualify for the 2011 CAF U-23 Championship, thus did not participate in London 2012.
Blackadder's Christmas Carol, a one-off episode of Blackadder, is a parody of Charles Dickens' 1843 novella A Christmas Carol. It is set between Blackadder the Third (1987) and Blackadder Goes Forth (1989), and is narrated by Hugh Laurie. Produced by the BBC, it was first broadcast on BBC1 on 23 December 1988.
The Pool Boys (also known as American Summer) is a 2008 American comedy film directed by James B. Rogers. It stars Matthew Lillard, Brett Davern, Rachelle Lefèvre, Efren Ramirez and Tom Arnold.
Principal photography began in late April 2007, with filming taking place throughout the New Orleans Metropolitan Area. Since wrapping at the end of the following month, the film struggled to find a wide release. The film was released to home media on 2008.
Euseius orientalis is a species of mite in the family Phytoseiidae.
Blaignan-Prignac (Gascon: Blanhan e Prinhac) is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. It was established on 1 January 2019 by merger of the former communes of Blaignan (the seat) and Prignac-en-Médoc.
Body (Polish: Ciało) is a 2015 Polish drama film directed by Małgorzata Szumowska. It was screened in the main competition section of the 65th Berlin International Film Festival where Szumowska won the Silver Bear for Best Director. The film also received the Golden Lions Award at the 2015 Gdynia Film Festival and the People's Choice Award at the 2016 European Film Awards.
Richard "Dicky" Barrett (1807–1847) was one of the first European traders to be based in New Zealand. He lent his translation skills to help negotiate the first land purchases from Maori in New Plymouth and Wellington and became a key figure in the establishment of the settlement of New Plymouth. He was described by Edward Jerningham Wakefield, son of New Zealand Company founder Edward Gibbon Wakefield, as short, stout and "perfectly round all over" and fond of relating "wild adventures and hairbreadth 'scapes".
Edwards Rail Car Company was located in the small town of Sanford, North Carolina, specializing in the manufacture of self-propelled rail cars.
Distremocephalus texanus, the little Texas glowworm, is a species of glowworm beetle in the family Phengodidae. It is found in Central America and North America.
Kathua railway station is a railway station in Kathua which is in Kathua district and city and a Municipal Council in the Indian union territory of Jammu and Kashmir. It serves All India. Around 74 trains stop at Kathua railway station.
The use of nanotechnology in fiction has attracted scholarly attention. The first use of the distinguishing concepts of nanotechnology was "There's Plenty of Room at the Bottom", a talk given by physicist Richard Feynman in 1959. K. Eric Drexler's 1986 book Engines of Creation introduced the general public to the concept of nanotechnology. Since then, nanotechnology has been used frequently in a diverse range of fiction, often as a justification for unusual or far-fetched occurrences featured in speculative fiction.
Joseph Cressman Thompson or Joseph Cheesman Thompson, M. D., (1874–1943), career medical officer in the United States Navy
Tom Cressman, murdered by Jane Andrews, a one-time Royal dresser for Sarah, the Duchess of York
David G. Post (born 1951) is an American legal scholar. Post is an expert in intellectual property law and the law in cyberspace. Until his retirement in 2014, Post served as Professor of Law at Beasley School of Law of Temple University in Philadelphia.
The Flammenwerfer M.16. was a German man-portable backpack flamethrower that was used in World War I in trench warfare. It was the first flamethrower ever used in combat, in 1915 at Verdun. It was also used in 1918 in the battle of Argonne Forest in France against Allied forces, as featured in the 2001 film The Lost Battalion, although an account in a 1917 issue of The Living Age suggests eye witness accounts of it being used at the Battle of the Somme in 1916.
ConVal Regional High School (short for Contoocook Valley Regional High School) is a high school in Peterborough, New Hampshire that serves nine surrounding towns: Antrim, Bennington, Dublin, Francestown, Greenfield, Hancock, Peterborough, Sharon and Temple. The principal is Heather McKillop. ConVal has approximately 720 students and has had several notable sports and academic teams in the past. ConVal's mascot is the cougar. The school colors are blue and gold.
I Confess is a 1953 American film noir directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and starring Montgomery Clift as Fr. Michael William Logan, a Catholic priest, Anne Baxter as Ruth Grandfort, and Karl Malden as Inspector Larrue.
The film is based on a 1902 French play by Paul Anthelme titled Nos deux consciences (Our Two Consciences), which Hitchcock saw in the 1930s. The screenplay was written by George Tabori.Filming took place largely on location in Quebec City with numerous shots of the city landscape and interiors of its churches and other emblematic buildings, such as the Château Frontenac.
Tommaso Vaccina (born 5 April 1980) is an Italian male mountain runner, world champion at the World Long Distance Mountain Running Championships (2015).
The Jonesboro–Paragould Combined Statistical Area is made up of three counties in northeastern Arkansas. The CSA consists of the Jonesboro Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Paragould Micropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the CSA had a population of 163,116.
Kreis Birnbaum (Polish: Powiat międzychodzki) was a district in Prussia (Kreis) in the west of the Grand Duchy of Posen and the succeeding Province of Posen, as part of Regierungsbezirk Posen between 1815 and 1920. Today the area belongs to the Polish voivodeships of Greater Poland and Lubusz.
Austre Bokn is an island in Bokn municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.  The 7.5-square-kilometre (2.9 sq mi) island lies on the northern side of the Boknafjorden between the islands of Ognøya and Vestre Bokn.  It's connected to the other two islands and to the mainland by a series of bridges along the European route E39 highway.  Both islands are separated from Austre Bokn by very small channels that are only about 250 to 350 metres (820 to 1,150 ft) wide.Most of the island is barren, rocky, and uninhabited.  The 188-metre (617 ft) tall Vardefjellet is the highest point on the island. The majority of the island's population is located along the western and southern shores.  With less than 200 residents on the island, it is the second most populous island in the municipality (only 3 islands in Bokn are populated).
The Nemzeti Bajnokság I/A (English: National Championship I/A, commonly abbreviated NB I/A) is the highest level league of club men's basketball in Hungary.
Jean Bart was the second of four  Courbet-class battleships, the first dreadnoughts built for the French Navy. She was completed before World War I as part of the 1910 naval building programme. She spent the war in the Mediterranean and helped to sink the Austro-Hungarian protected cruiser Zenta on 16 August 1914. She was torpedoed by an Austro-Hungarian submarine in December and steamed to Malta for repairs that required three and a half months. She spent the rest of the war providing cover for the Otranto Barrage that blockaded the Austro-Hungarian Navy in the Adriatic Sea and sometimes served as a flagship.
After the war, she and her sister ship France participated in the occupation of Constantinople and were then sent to the Black Sea in 1919 to support Allied troops in the Southern Russia Intervention. Jean Bart's war-weary crew briefly mutinied, but it was easily put down and she returned to France mid-year. She was partially modernised twice during the 1920s, but was deemed to be in too poor condition to be refitted again in the 1930s. Therefore, she became a training ship in 1934 and was then disarmed and hulked as an accommodation ship in 1935–1936 in Toulon. The Germans captured her intact when they occupied Toulon in 1942 and used her for testing large shaped charge warheads. She was sunk by Allied bombing in 1944, and after the war ended, was refloated and scrapped beginning in late 1945.
Givi Ivanovich Onashvili (born July 27, 1947) is a Georgian judoka who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1972 Summer Olympics, and won the bronze medal in the heavyweight class.
Onashvili won a bronze medal in the 1969 World Judo Championships in Mexico City. He is a double European Champion (London 1974 and Lyon 1975), three times silver medalist (Oostende 1969, Voorburg 1972 and Kiev 1976) and bronze medalist in Göteborg 1971. In 1976 he won a silver medal in the International Tournament of Paris.
Ujoni Majuli is the upper part of Majuli, Assam. It is also called Upper Majuli.
The 1945 Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship was the 55th staging of the Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Tipperary County Board in 1887.
Thurles Sarsfields won the championship after a defeat of Roscrea in the final. It was their 15th championship title overall and their second title in succession.
Undertow is a steel spinning roller coaster at Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk. , The ride was built by Maurer Söhne and is the only spinning roller coaster in Northern California.
Al-Shabab became the first club to win the championship for three seasons in succession when defeating Al-Hilal in the championship match.
Eleanor of Aragon (20 February 1358 – 13 August 1382) was a daughter of King Peter IV of Aragon and his wife Eleanor of Sicily. She was a member of the House of Barcelona and Queen of Castile by her marriage.
This is a list of the Australian species of the family Carposinidae. It also acts as an index to the species articles and forms part of the full List of moths of Australia.
The FMW Anniversary Show was the biggest annual professional wrestling supercard promoted by the Japanese hardcore wrestling promotion Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW) between 1990 to 2001 to celebrate the anniversary of the company. The ninth edition of the event was the first to be broadcast on pay-per-view.
The modern borders of Israel exist as the result both of past wars and of diplomatic agreements between the State of Israel and its neighbours as well as colonial powers. Only two of Israel's five total potential land borders are internationally recognized and uncontested, while the other three remain disputed; the majority of its border disputes are rooted in territorial changes that came about as a result of the 1967 Arab–Israeli War, which saw Israel occupy large swathes of territory from its rivals. Israel's two formally recognized and confirmed borders exist with Egypt and Jordan since the 1979 Egypt–Israel peace treaty and the 1994 Israel–Jordan peace treaty, while its borders with Syria (via the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights), Lebanon (via the Blue Line; see Shebaa Farms dispute) and the Palestinian territories (Israeli-occupied land largely recognized as part of the de jure State of Palestine) remain internationally recognized as contested.According to the Green Line agreed upon in the 1949 Armistice Agreements, Israel is  demarcated by Lebanon to the north, the Golan Heights under Syrian sovereignty as well as the rest of Syria to the northeast, the Palestinian West Bank and Jordan to the east, and by the Palestinian Gaza Strip and Egypt to the southwest. The Israeli border with Egypt is the international border demarcated in 1906 between the United Kingdom and the Ottoman Empire, and confirmed in the 1979 Egypt–Israel peace treaty; the Israeli border with Jordan is based on the border defined in the 1922 Trans-Jordan memorandum, and confirmed in the 1994 Israel–Jordan peace treaty.
Saint Matronian (U.S.) (Italian: San Matroniano) was a hermit of Milan.   It is recorded that Saint Ambrose enshrined Matronian's relics in the church of San Nazaro Maggiore in Milan.
Le Best of (also titled Ailleurs comme ici) is the name of the first compilation recorded by the French singer Hélène Ségara. It contains all Ségara's songs previously released as singles from her previous three albums (except "Au Nom d'une Femme" and the promotional singles), including the duets with Andrea Bocelli and Laura Pausini, plus three new songs, "Ailleurs comme ici", which was the only single from this album, "Je t'aimerai" and "Ne me laisse jamais partir". Released on November 26, 2004, Ailleurs comme ici was a moderate success in the three countries in which it was charted, in comparison with Ségara's previous albums.
The Vernons Girls were an English musical ensemble of female vocalists.  They were formed at the Vernons football pools company in the 1950s in Liverpool, settling down to a sixteen strong choir and recording an album of standards.
The 1997–98 FAW Premier Cup was the inaugural season of the tournament.
Bijan Beg, also known as Bijan Beg Gorji (Bezhan, Bizhan), was a Safavid courtier, official, and royal gholam from the Georgian Saakadze clan. He was one of the most influential and closest servants of king Abbas I (r. 1588–1629) in the latter's early reign.
Katja Hannele Riipi (born 26 October 1975) is a Finnish retired ice hockey player. She represented Finland with the national team in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 1998 Winter Olympics and won a bronze medal. Riipi was born in Sodankylä.
Ali Abdolalizadeh (Persian: علی عبدالعلی‌زاده) is an Iranian reformist politician who held office as the Minister of Housing and Urban Development under President Mohammad Khatami.He represented his hometown Urmia in the Iranian Parliament from 1984 to 1992 and East Azerbaijan Province from 1992 to 1997.
Xu Yinchuan (Chinese: 许银川; born 5 August 1975) is one of the world's best players in Xiangqi (Chinese chess).
Xu was born in Huilai, Guangdong Province, China, in August 1975. He is one of a handful of grandmasters from Guangdong Province, which is notable for being the home of many famed grandmasters of Xiangqi, including Yang Guanlin, Cai Furu and Lu Qin. Xu's style is in general compared with Taiji (太极), which means he wins game peacefully. Xu is best in his endgame, which is nicknamed "Ghost Kongfu" (鬼魅残功). Xu got his first championship of national Xiangqi tournament at the age of 18, the second youngest (to Hu Ronghua) ever.
Champion in Chinese National Xiangqi Individual Championship in 1993, 1996, 1998, 2001, 2006 and 2009.
Starter of the champion team of Guangdong in Chinese National Xiangqi League in 1989, 1993, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004 and 2006.
Starter of the champion team of China in the 7th, 8th and 9th Asian Xiangqi Championship.
Champion in the 6th, 8th and 10th World Xiangqi Individual Championship.On August 15, 2006, Xu played two games vs the Tiansuo Inspur system. In the first game, Xu played second and the situation became in Xu's disadvantage shortly after opening. However Xu succeeded to tie it. In the second game, Xu played first and this ended in a tie though Xu had some advantage.
Secular paganism or humanistic paganism is an outlook which upholds virtues and principles associated with paganism while maintaining a secular worldview. Approaches to secular paganism vary, but can include the respect for living creatures and the Earth itself, while rejecting belief in deities. Secular pagans may recognize goddesses/gods as useful metaphors for different cycles of life, or reframe magic as a purely psychological practice.
Río Verde Arriba is a town in the La Vega province of the Dominican Republic.
Transport 4 is a mix album released by Max Graham in 2001. It was released on Kinetic Records.
Note the name change in the series from Tranceport to Transport.
Stamford Bridge () is a football stadium in Fulham, adjacent to the borough of Chelsea in South West London. It is the home of Premier League club Chelsea. 
With a capacity of 40,834, it is the ninth largest venue of the 2021–22 Premier League season.
Opened in 1877, the stadium was used by the London Athletic Club until 1905, when new owner Gus Mears founded Chelsea Football Club to occupy the ground; Chelsea have played their home games there ever since. It has undergone major changes over the years, most recently in the 1990s when it was renovated into a modern, all-seater stadium.
Stamford Bridge has been a venue for England international matches, FA Cup Finals, FA Cup semi-finals and Charity Shield games. It has also hosted numerous other sports, such as cricket, rugby union, speedway, greyhound racing, baseball and American football. The stadium's highest official attendance is 82,905, for a league match between Chelsea and Arsenal on 12 October 1935.
Gary Novak (born in 1969), is an American session drummer who has collaborated with numerous artists as varied as George Benson, Maynard Ferguson, Chick Corea Elektric Band, Brandon Fields, Lee Ritenour, Michael McDonald, Natalie Cole, David Sanborn, Anita Baker, Andrew WK, Bob Berg, Allan Holdsworth, Robben Ford, Michael Landau, Eros Ramazzotti, Tiziano Ferro, Jimmy Haslip, Alanis Morissette and Travis Carlton.  He is the son of jazz pianist Larry Novak.
NOWAR-PAIX is an anti-war and anti-racist organization based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The group's full name is "Network to Oppose War and Racism – Pacte contre l'Agression, l'Intolérance et la Xénophobie", which form the acronyms "no war" and "paix," which is French for "peace".
The group was formed in response to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and the subsequent military actions of the United States of America and its allies. NOWAR-PAIX's website indicates that it opposes Canada's current military presence in Afghanistan, government attacks on civil liberties, and ongoing racist and xenophobic attacks across North America.
Esplegares is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 54 inhabitants.
The Calcare di Cellina (Italian for Cellina Limestone, is a Hauterivian to Aptian geologic formation in Friulia-Venezia Giulia, Italy. Fossil sauropod tracks have been reported from the formation.
Kong Zhaoshou (simplified Chinese: 孔昭绶; traditional Chinese: 孔昭綬; pinyin: Kǒng Zhāoshòu; 1876–1929),  a direct male-line 71st generation descendant of Confucius, was a Chinese educator who twice served as President of Hunan First Normal University from April 1913 to January 1914, and September 1916 to September 1918. His students included Mao Zedong, Cai Hesen, Xiao Zisheng, Xiao San, He Shuheng, Li Weihan, and Li Lisan.
Olympic National Park is home to 13 amphibian species and four species of reptiles.  Olympic National Park amphibians and reptiles are a subset of Washington state amphibians and reptiles as listed in the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture, University of Washington, Field Guides
Lowell S. Hawley (20 September 1908 - 6 May 2003) was an American writer.
Saint-Michel–Montréal-Nord station is a commuter rail station operated by Exo in the borough of Montréal-Nord, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. 
Takaharu (高原町, Takaharu-chō) is a town located in Nishimorokata District, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan.
As of October 1, 2020, the town has a population of 8,646 and the population density of 101.3 persons per km². The total area is 85.39 km².
The 1935 Victorian Football League season was the 39th season of the elite Australian rules football competition.
Egg Harbor City is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 4,243, reflecting a decline of 302 (-6.6%) from the 4,545 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn declined by 38 (-0.8%) from the 4,583 counted in the 1990 Census.The city had the seventh-highest property tax rate in New Jersey, with an equalized rate of 5.044% in 2020, compared to 2.560% in the county as a whole and a statewide average of 2.279%.
Vista University, South Africa was established in 1981 by the apartheid government to ensure that urban black South Africans seeking tertiary education would be accommodated within the townships rather than on campuses reserved for other population groups.
Geoffrey Bonny Namwandu (born 31 August 1979) is a retired Tanzanian football midfielder.
Chasson Randle (born February 5, 1993) is an American professional basketball player for the New Zealand Breakers of the Australian National Basketball League (NBL). He played college basketball for the Stanford Cardinal. As a senior in 2014–15, he was considered one of the top point guards in the country. Born in Rock Island, Illinois, Randle played basketball for Rock Island High School.
Vegard Leikvoll Moberg (born 23 January 1991) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Brann .
Yekaterina Vladimirovna Shikhova (Russian: Екатерина Владимировна Шихова; born 25 June 1985) is a Russian speed skater. She won a team bronze medal at the 2014 Winter Olympics, and an individual allround bronze medal at the 2013 World Championships.
Tikekarwadi Railway Station is an Indian Railway station owned by Government of India. It is located in the Indian state of Maharashtra's Solapur District. Tikekarwadi Railway Station is a part of Solapur Railway Division and is Nearset Railway Station to Solapur Railway Station (around 5-6km). Various Development Projects of Indian Railways and Solapur Railway Division has started on Ground Level of Tikekarwadi Railway Station to Stabilize to Crowd on Solapur Railway Station. Works such as Pit lines, Platform Increments, Electrification, Railway Track Four Laneing, Maintaining and Haulting for Engines and Trains , etc has to be done in upcoming years.  It is one of the Railway stations in the central India railways zone. The train station has a capacity of halting 14 trains and have 2 platforms.
Sample preparation equipment refers to equipment used for the preparation of physical specimens for subsequent microscopy or related disciplines - including failure analysis and quality control. The equipment includes the following types of machinery:
Decapsulation machinery (using mechanical, chemical/ 'jet etching' acid, laser and plasma methodologies)
Carbon and metal evaporation systemsEach of these system types incorporates a wealth of accessories and consumable items which fit the particular system for a specific application.
Abdel Moneim Wahby (November 11, 1911 – May 8, 1988) was an Egyptian basketball player who played for Al Ahly, referee and administrator. He has played for the Egypt national basketball team in the 1936 Olympics. As a referee, he worked at the 1948 Olympics and 1952 Olympics (including the USA-USSR final). He served as the president of the Egyptian Basketball Federation (1952-1969), president of AFABA (current FIBA Africa) (1961-1969), Vice President of the FIBA (1961-1968), President of the FIBA (1968-1976) and President of the Egyptian Olympic Committee (1972-1974). He was enshrined as a contributor in the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2007.
Haplogroup H (Y-DNA), also known as H-L901/M2939 is a Y-chromosome haplogroup.
The primary branch H1 (H-M69) and its subclades is one of the most predominant haplogroups amongst populations in South Asia, particularly its descendant H1a1 (M52). A primary branch of H-M52, H1a1a (H-M82), is found commonly among the Romani people, who originated in South Asia and migrated into the Middle East and Europe, around the beginning of the 2nd millennium CE and the Khmer people who got under influence from Indian populations. The much rarer primary branch H3 (Z5857) is also concentrated in South Asia.
However, the primary branch H2 (P96) seems to have been found in sparse levels primarily in Europe and West Asia since prehistory. Pre-Pottery Neolithic B (PPNB) is part of the Pre-Pottery Neolithic, a Neolithic culture centered in upper Mesopotamia and the Levant, dating to c. 10,800 – c. 8,500 years ago has been found in remains also the later Linear Pottery culture and Neolithic Iberia. H2 likely entered Europe during the Neolithic with the spread of agriculture. Its present distribution is made up of various individual cases spread out throughout Europe and West Asia today.
The year 1957 was the 176th year of the Rattanakosin Kingdom of Thailand. It was the 12th in the reign of King Bhumibol Adulyadej (Rama IX), and is reckoned as year 2500 in the Buddhist Era.
Kosmos 2432 (Russian: Космос 2432 meaning Cosmos 2432) is one of a set of three Russian military satellites launched in 2007 as part of the GLONASS satellite navigation system. It was launched with Kosmos 2431 and Kosmos 2433.
This satellite is a GLONASS-M satellite, also known as Uragan-M, and is numbered Uragan-M No. 719.Kosmos 2431 / 2432 / 2433 were launched from Site 81/24 at Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. A Proton-K carrier rocket with a Blok DM upper stage was used to perform the launch which took place at 07:35 UTC on 26 October 2007. The launch successfully placed the satellites into Medium Earth orbit. It subsequently received its Kosmos designation, and the International Designator 2007-052B. The United States Space Command assigned it the Satellite Catalog Number 32276.It is part of the GLONASS constellation, in the third plane, orbital slot 20. It started operation on 27 November 2007.·
The Center for Coastal & Ocean Mapping (CCOM) / NOAA-UNH Joint Hydrographic Center (JHC) was founded in 2000 by Dr. Larry Mayer to find ways to process the massive amounts of data coming from sonar systems at rates commensurate with data collection; that is, to make the data ready for chart production as rapidly as the data could be collected.The main objective of the CCOM/JHC is to enhance methods for ocean mapping and hydrology, with the target to also advance the knowledge of the discipline's future generation. This objective underlies the aim of the JHC and its cooperative partnerships with the University of New Hampshire and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to create a national center for expertise in ocean mapping and hydrographic sciences.The center is located in the Chase Ocean Engineering building on the campus of the University of New Hampshire in Durham, New Hampshire, United States.
The center works on a wide range of marine research topics, including:
Data visualization, with emphasis on whale tracking, flow visualization, and mid-water fish
Electronic chart of the future and the marine Automatic Identification System
Income declaration scheme, 2016 was an amnesty scheme introduced by Narendra Modi led Government of India as a part of the 2016 Union budget to unearth black money and bring it back into the system. Lasting from 1 June to 30 September, the scheme provided an opportunity to income tax and wealth tax defaulters to avoid litigation and become compliant by declaring their assets, paying the tax on them and a penalty of 45% thereafter.The scheme guaranteed immunity from prosecution under the Income Tax Act, Wealth Tax Act, 1957, and the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 and also ensured that declarations under it would not be subjected to any scrutinies or inquiries.
Primal is a 2010 Australian horror film directed by Josh Reed, and starring Zoe Tuckwell-Smith, Krew Boylan, Lindsay Farris, and Wil Traval.
Evan George Patrick Barlow (born 18 March 1947) is an English actor, comedian and playwright. His comedic alter ego, Desmond Olivier Dingle, is the founder, artistic director and chief executive of the two-man National Theatre of Brent, which has performed on stage, on television and on radio. Barlow was born in Leicester.
Șișești (Hungarian: Lacfalu) is a commune in Maramureș County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bontăieni (Pusztatelek), Cetățele (Györkefalva), Dănești (Bajfalu), Negreia (Nyegrefalva), Plopiș (Nyárfás), Șișești and Șurdești (Dióshalom).
In 2002, the commune had a population of 5479, of whom 99.6% were ethnic Romanians. 55.3% were Romanian Orthodox, 40.7% were Greek-Catholic, and 2.5% were Pentecostal.
William James Broughton (6 January 1913 – 23 September 1990) was a New Zealand jockey. He was born in Foxton, New Zealand, on 6 January 1913.During his career, Broughton rode 1,446 winners in New Zealand, and a further 11 in Australia, including three Wellington Cups and two New Zealand Cups.He won the jockey premiership for the most winners in a racing season in New Zealand on 11 occasions.In 1996, Broughton was posthumously inducted into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame and in 2006 into the New Zealand Racing Hall of Fame.
Vasili Pavlovich Ponomaryov (Russian: Василий Павлович Пономарёв; born 13 March 2002) is a Russian professional ice hockey player for HC Spartak Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) as a prospect for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
"The Hofstadter Insufficiency" is the first episode of the seventh season of The Big Bang Theory and the 136th episode in total. It aired on September 26, 2013, on CBS.
Perkins is a surname derived from the Anglo-Saxon corruption of the kin of Pierre (from Pierre kin to Pierrekin to Perkins), introduced into England by the Norman Conquest. It is found throughout mid- and southern England.
Another derivation comes from the Welsh Perthyn, relative or belonging to a particular person or family, and also thought to be the Anglicized form of Peredur, from medieval Welsh.
Nesticus nasicus is a species of cave cobweb spider in the family Nesticidae. It is found in the United States.
Nickanan Night (sometimes called Hall Monday or Peasen Monday) is a Cornish feast, traditionally held during Shrovetide, specifically on the Monday before Lent.Sometimes called roguery night in West Cornwall, England, UK, this event was an excuse for local youths to undertake acts of minor vandalism and play practical jokes on neighbours and family.  The name Nickanan may come from the practice of knocking on doors and running away which is known as Nicky nicky nine doors in some parts of the English-speaking world. The eating of pea soup and salt bacon was also associated with this date.
Þrúðr (Old Norse: [ˈθruːðz̠], "strength"), sometimes anglicized as Thrúd or Thrud, is a daughter of the major god Thor and the goddess Sif in Norse mythology. Þrúðr is also the name of one of the valkyries who serve ale to the einherjar in Valhalla (Grímnismál, stanza 36). The two may or may not be the same figure.
Chatchai Budprom (Thai: ฉัตรชัย บุตรพรม, born February 4, 1987), is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Thai League 1 club BG Pathum United and the Thailand national team.
Darby Wood Betts (June 5, 1912 – August 14, 1998) was an Episcopal priest who served as canon of the Cathedral of St. John the Divine from 1952 to 1955 during a major national scandal about the use of spanking on boy choristers.
Noubir Amaoui (Arabic: مُحمَّد نوبير الأُموي; November 1935 – 7 September 2021) was a Moroccan trade unionist. He founded the Democratic Confederation of Labour and served as its Secretary General from 1978 to 2018.
The 2022 Masters (officially the 2022 Cazoo Masters) was a professional snooker tournament that took place between 9 and 16 January 2022 at Alexandra Palace in London, England. It was the 48th staging of the Masters tournament, which was first held in 1975, and the second of three Triple Crown events in the 2021–22 snooker season, following the 2021 UK Championship and preceding the 2022 World Snooker Championship. Broadcast by the BBC and Eurosport in Europe, it was sponsored for the first time by car retailer Cazoo.
The 16 competitors were invited to the tournament based on the world rankings as they stood after the UK Championship. Some players took issue with the cutoff date, noting that the in-form Luca Brecel, who had entered the top 16 by winning the 2021 Scottish Open, did not qualify. Ding Junhui, who had made 15 consecutive Masters appearances between 2007 and 2021, fell out of the top 16 after the UK Championship and failed to qualify for the first time since 2006. Zhao Xintong, who entered the top 16 for the first time by winning the UK Championship, was the only Masters debutant. John Higgins set a new record of 28 Masters appearances, surpassing both Jimmy White and Steve Davis, who competed 27 times.
Yan Bingtao was the defending champion, having defeated Higgins 10–8 in the previous year's final. However, Yan lost 4–6 to Mark Williams in the first round. Neil Robertson won the event for the second time, as he defeated Barry Hawkins 10–4 in the final. There were 26 century breaks, with the highest being a 139 made by Stuart Bingham in his first round loss to Kyren Wilson.
Eric Pringle (5 April 1935, Morpeth, Northumberland, England – 13 April 2017, Ledbury, Herefordshire) was a British writer for radio and television. He also wrote three novels for children.
He was one of the writers of the 1972 television series Pretenders, and of the 1974 series The Carnforth Practice.
In 1975, he was commissioned by then-Doctor Who script editor Robert Holmes to pen a two-part serial entitled The Angurth for the programme's thirteenth season. This was eventually abandoned, but in 1981, Pringle was encouraged by his agent, former Who producer Peter Bryant, to submit new material for the show. Pringle delivered two proposals for four-part stories to the production office in August, one called The Darkness (possibly featuring the Daleks) and another entitled War Game. Script editor Eric Saward finally responded to Pringle, and in 1982, Pringle was asked to put together a scene breakdown for War Game.By 1983, War Game had been rechristened The Awakening (and may also have been called Poltergeist at some point). Saward and producer John Nathan-Turner had also come to the realisation that the story did not merit four episodes, and so Pringle was asked to condense it down to fit the two-part slot for Season Twenty-One. Pringle concurred and performed the necessary rewrites by April.  Saward was still not satisfied with Pringle's modifications; consequently, he elected to heavily rewrite The Awakening. Pringle was not particularly pleased with Saward's rewrites, believing they made the story confusing and rushed. The Awakening would be his only contribution to Doctor Who.Much of Pringle's more recent work has been for the radio including adaptations of The Wolves of Willoughby Chase and J. B. Priestley's The Good Companions. His 2001 BBC Radio 4 play Hymus Paradisi about the life of composer Herbert Howells won a Sony Award. That year also saw the publication of his children's novel Big George. This has been followed by two sequels Big George and the Seventh Knight and Big George and the Winter King. The Big George books are a retelling of the Saint George and the Dragon myth with a science fiction twist.
Sky Londa is an unincorporated mountain community in San Mateo County, California located at the intersection of State Route 84 (La Honda Road) and State Route 35 (Skyline Boulevard). The community is inside area code 650 and ZIP code 94062.
Atop the coastal range west of Woodside, the community's official elevation is 1,520 feet (463 m) above mean sea level (AMSL).While Sky Londa is the spelling approved by the U.S. Board of Geographic Names, a frequently used state government variant spelling is Skylonda. The variant spelling is used on a Caltrans sign for southbound SR35 north of SR84 and on the name of a CDF Fire station in the community. This variant name is also shown as a variant in the National Geographic Names Database. The 1994 USGS 7.5-minute quadrangle, Woodside, California shows it spelled Sky Londa. Maps recorded as early as 1909 show it as Sky L'onda apparently derived from the crossroad names Skyline Boulevard and Woodside-La Honda Road.
The 7.5-minute quadrangle, Woodside, California, (1994), shows Woodside VOR north of the settlement. The aircraft navigation facility is shown as being outfitted with distance measuring equipment. It lies one mile (1.6 km) at 285 degrees off true north from the intersection of SR35 and SR84. Its identifier is "OSI" and publicly available FAA documents show the VOR signal is on 113.9 MHz.
Many of the area's characteristic redwood-log homes were first built in the early 1930s by a developer who subdivided a few tracts and established a water supply and reservoirs dedicated to the new community. The redwood "logs" came from unused railroad-tie stock sawn by a mill located at the intersection until the Depression. The local water is still pumped from wells and La Honda Creek, and delivered to 154 homes by the Sky L'onda Mutual Water Company.
There are a few commercial establishments at the intersection of SR35 and SR84, including two service stations, a convenience store, a real estate office, a small events center, and one restaurant. The restaurant is called Alice's Restaurant, but it is not the one mentioned in Arlo Guthrie's famous song.
The area is a popular destination for motorcycle and bicycle riders, especially during spring and summer weekends.
Ardian Mema (born 16 November 1971 in Tirana) is a former Albanian football player and current coach. He played for KF Tirana 1989 and 2003 and has managed both the senior team and the reserves in 2007 and 2013 respectively.
The 2000 United States presidential election in New Hampshire took place on Election Day on November 7, 2000 as part of the 2000 United States presidential election. The 2 major candidates were Texas Governor George W. Bush of the Republican Party and sitting Vice President Al Gore of the Democratic Party. When all votes were tallied, Bush was declared the winner with a plurality of the vote over Gore, receiving 48% of the vote to Gore's 47%, while Green Party candidate Ralph Nader received almost 4% of the vote in the state. Bush went on to win the election nationwide. Had incumbent Vice President Gore come out victorious with New Hampshire and its four electoral votes, he would have won the presidency. As of the 2020 presidential election, this is the last time that the Republican nominee carried New Hampshire. It also marked the last time that a Republican won any electoral votes in New England, until Donald Trump won Maine's 2nd congressional district in 2016, and the last time a Republican won any state in the Northeastern United States until Donald Trump won Pennsylvania in 2016.
Awaking the Centuries is the second full-length album by German symphonic metal band Haggard. It was released on 7 February 2000 by Drakkar Entertainment. The album is based on Michel De Nostredame (Nostradamus) and his experience during The Black Plague in Medieval Europe. The album features several compositions based on Sergei Rachmaninoff's music.
Awakening the Centuries peaked at position 64 in the German album charts.
The Hirugano Botanical Garden (ひるがの湿原植物園, Hirugano Shitsugen Shokubutsuen) is a botanical garden located in the skiing region near Mount Dainichi in the Takasu area of the city of Gujō, Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
Italee Lucas (born January 12, 1989) is a professional basketball player.Born in the United States, in 2015 Lucas was granted Angolan nationality and became eligible to play for the Angolan Women's Basketball Team
Natalie Mahowald (born 1963) is an American Earth scientist who is the Irving Porter Church Professor of Engineering at Cornell University. Her research considers atmospheric transport of biogeochemically-relevant species, and the impact of humans on their environments.
The Watcher in the Woods is a 1980 supernatural horror film directed by John Hough and Vincent McEveety and starring Bette Davis, Carroll Baker, Lynn-Holly Johnson, Kyle Richards, and David McCallum. Based on the 1976 novel by Florence Engel Randall, the film tells the story of a teenage girl and her little sister who become encompassed in a supernatural mystery regarding a missing girl in the woods surrounding their new home in the English countryside.
Filmed at Pinewood Studios and the surrounding areas in Buckinghamshire, England, The Watcher in the Woods was one of several live-action films produced by Walt Disney Productions in the 1980s, when the studio was targeting young adult audiences. The film had its premiere at the Ziegfeld Theatre in New York City on April 17, 1980, but was pulled from release after ten days, and future screenings were canceled by the studio because of an overwhelming negative response from critics and audiences. Several changes were made thereafter, including the excision of a pre-credits sequence, as well the filming of an entirely new ending, which was directed by Vincent McEveety without Hough's involvement. Disney re-released the revised cut of the film on October 9, 1981, and it grossed $5 million.
Though critical response to the film was varied and included numerous unfavorable reviews, the film went on to garner a cult following in the years following its release. A television remake of the same name starring Anjelica Huston was released in 2017.
The Radio Television Digital News Association (formerly the Radio-Television News Directors Association) has been honoring outstanding achievements in electronic journalism with the Edward R. Murrow Awards since 1971.  Among the most prestigious in news, the Murrow Awards recognize local and national news stories that uphold the RTDNA Code of Ethics, demonstrate technical expertise and exemplify the importance and impact of journalism as a service to the community. Murrow Award winning work demonstrates the excellence that Edward R. Murrow made a standard for the broadcast news profession.
The Sanremo Music Festival 1957 was the seventh annual Sanremo Music Festival, held at the Sanremo Casino in Sanremo, province of Imperia between 7 and 9 February 1957. The show was presented by television presenter Nunzio Filogamo, assisted by Marisa Allasio, Fiorella Mari, Nicoletta Orsomando.According to the rules of this edition every song was performed in a double performance by a couple of singers or groups, with some artists performing multiple songs. This edition included four nights, containing two semi-finals, a final and "Free Authors Competition" night.
The winner of the Festival was "Corde della mia chitarra", performed by Claudio Villa and Nunzio Gallo. The winner of the competition also went to the international Eurovision Song Contest, with Gallo chosen from the two interpreters, to represent Italy. Initially the songs accepted for the festival were 20 then dropped to 19, as one song was disqualified for being published earlier.
Medojevići (Serbian: Медојевићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
James Hillier Blount (born 22 February 1974), better known as James Blunt, is an English singer, songwriter, musician, and record producer. A former reconnaissance officer in the Life Guards regiment of the British Army, he served under NATO during the 1999 Kosovo War. After leaving the military, he rose to fame in 2004 with the release of his debut album Back to Bedlam, achieving worldwide fame with the singles "You're Beautiful" and "Goodbye My Lover".
Blunt's first album has sold over 11 million copies worldwide, topping the UK Albums Chart and peaking at number two in the US. "You're Beautiful" was number one in the UK, the US and a dozen other countries. Back to Bedlam was the best-selling album of the 2000s in the UK, and is one of the best-selling albums in UK chart history. Blunt has since sold over 20 million records worldwide. He has received several awards, including two Brit Awards—winning Best British Male in 2006—two MTV Video Music Awards, and two Ivor Novello Awards, as well as receiving five Grammy Award nominations and an Honorary Doctorate for Music in 2016 by the University of Bristol.
Franz Xaver Kleinheinz (26 June 1765 – 29 January 1832) was an Austrian composer, piano teacher and Kapellmeister.
Sergeant Arthur Banks GC (6 October 1923 – 20 December 1944) was a member of the Royal Air Force during the Second World War who was tortured and killed after being captured behind enemy lines.  He was posthumously awarded the George Cross for his courage during captivity.
Trans-Saharan trade requires travel across the Sahara between sub-Saharan Africa and North Africa. While existing from prehistoric times, the peak of trade extended from the 8th century until the early 17th century.
The Sahara once had a very different environment. In Libya and Algeria, from at least 7000 BC, there was pastoralism, the herding of sheep, goats, large settlements, and pottery. Cattle were introduced to the Central Sahara (Ahaggar) from 4000 to 3500 BC. Remarkable rock paintings (dated 3500 to 2500 BC) in places that are currently very dry, portray flora and fauna that are not present in the modern desert environment.As a desert, Sahara is now a hostile expanse that separates the Mediterranean economy from the economy of the Niger basin. As Fernand Braudel points out, crossing such a zone, especially without mechanized transport, is worthwhile only when exceptional circumstances cause the expected gain to outweigh the cost and the danger. Trade was conducted by caravans of camels. According to Ibn Battuta, the explorer who accompanied one of the caravans, the average size per caravan was 1,000 camels, but some caravans were as large as 12,000. The caravans would be guided by highly-paid Berbers, who knew the desert and could ensure safe passage from their fellow desert nomads. The survival of a caravan was precarious and would rely on careful co-ordination.  Runners would be sent ahead to oases so that water could be shipped out to the caravan when it was still several days away, as the caravans could not easily carry enough with them to make the full journey. In the mid-14th century, Ibn Battuta crossed the desert from Sijilmasa via the salt mines at Taghaza to the oasis of Oualata. A guide was sent ahead and water was brought on a journey of four days from Oualata to meet the caravan.Culture and religion were also exchanged on the Trans-Saharan Trade Route. Then colonies eventually adopted the language and the religion of the country and became absorbed into the Muslim world.
Azrine Effendy Sa'duddin (born 7 May 1981) is a Malaysian footballer. He currently plays as a striker for Negeri Sembilan-based club Betaria FC.
He formerly played with Selangor FA. He also has played with Johor FA for the 2009 season before moving to Selangor. The other teams that Azrine have played prior to Johor are Kuala Lumpur FA and Negeri Sembilan FA. He played with Sime Darby FC for the 2011 season.
He was a member of Negeri Sembilan's Sukma Games 2006 winning team.
Mayūrāsana (Sanskrit: मयूरासन) or Peacock pose is a hand-balancing asana in hatha yoga and modern yoga as exercise with the body held horizontal over the hands. It is one of the oldest non-seated asanas.
William J. Scarlett (October 3, 1883 - March 28, 1973) was Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Missouri, serving from 1930 to 1952.
Ben Watson (born 1956) is a British writer on music and culture of Marxist views, known especially for his writings on Frank Zappa.
Watson is well known as a regular contributor to The Wire, as well as the author of numerous books, often entailing studies of popular culture from the perspective of Marxist aesthetics. Watson was a member of the British Trotskyist Socialist Workers' Party; his writing combines this background together with influences from Theodor Adorno and the Frankfurt School, the Situationists and wider cultural interests including the writings of James Joyce and J.H. Prynne. His first full-length book, Frank Zappa: The Negative Dialectics of Poodle Play argued that Zappa's work was part of the protest against capitalist society. Watson calls his own field of study in this area Zappology. He is also an experimental poet and novelist; his first novel Shit-Kicks and Dough-Balls was published in 2003.
Watson's partner is the Marxist philosopher (and scholar of Walter Benjamin and Georg Lukács) Esther Leslie with whom he has collaborated on various works.
Watson has written of going 'mad' in 1984 and being 'sectioned' under the Mental Health Act, later finding inspiration in the Mad Pride movement which he likened to the earlier work 'Psycho-Politics' by the Marxist Peter Sedgwick.Since 2003 Watson has broadcast a weekly radio show on Resonance FM called Late Lunch with Out To Lunch.In 2010, he and Andy Wilson founded the Association of Musical Marxists; together with Keith Fisher the AMM started up the Unkant imprint. In 2015 Wilson and Watson parted ways, but Watson carried on with a musical unit named the AMM All-Stars featuring drummer Peter Baxter.
Acacia auripila, commonly known as the Rudall River myall, is a tree of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves that is native to a small area in central Western Australia.
The 1940 United States Senate special election in Illinois took place on November 5, 1940. The election was triggered by the vacancy left by the death in office of Democrat J. Hamilton Lewis. After Lewis' death, James M. Slattery was appointed to fill the seat in the interim period until the individual elected in the special election would be sworn-in. Slattery was the Democratic Party's nominee in the special election. He was defeated by Republican nominee Charles W. Brooks.
In geometry, a barycentric coordinate system is a coordinate system in which the location of a point is specified by reference to a simplex (a triangle for points in a plane, a tetrahedron for points in three-dimensional space, etc.). The barycentric coordinates of a point can be interpreted as masses placed at the vertices of the simplex, such that the point is the center of mass (or barycenter) of these masses. These masses can be zero or negative; they are all positive if and only if the point is inside the simplex.
Every point has barycentric coordinates, and their sum is not zero. Two tuples of barycentric coordinates specify the same point if and only if they are proportional; that is to say, if one tuple can be obtained by multiplying the elements of the other tuple by the same non-zero number. Therefore, barycentric coordinates are either considered to be defined up to multiplication by a nonzero constant, or normalized for summing to unity.
August Ferdinand Möbius in 1827. They are special homogenous coordinates. Barycentric coordinates are strongly related with Cartesian coordinates and, more generally, to affine coordinates (see Affine space § Relationship between barycentric and affine coordinates).
Barycentric coordinates are particularly useful in triangle geometry for studying properties that do not depend on the angles of the triangle, such as Ceva's theorem. In computer-aided design, they are useful for defining some kinds of Bézier surfaces.
The 1905 New Zealand general election was held on Wednesday, 6 December in the general electorates, and on Wednesday, 20 December in the Māori electorates to elect a total of 80 MPs to the 16th session of the New Zealand Parliament. A total number of 412,702 voters turned out, with 396,657 (83.25% of the electoral roll) voting in the European electorates.
Maan Maryada is a 1991 Bengali film directed by Sukhen Das. The film has been music directed by Ajoy Das.
Dávid Verrasztó (born 22 August 1988) is a  Hungarian competitive swimmer. He competed at the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics, in the 200 and 400 m individual medleys. His father and coach, Zoltán Verrasztó, and his sister, Evelyn Verrasztó, are also swimmers.
In 2019, he was a member of the 2019 International Swimming League, representing Team Iron.
Michael Farrell (born 20 April 1955) is an Australian former motorcycle speedway rider who rode for the Exeter Falcons and Leicester Lions.
Farrell rode in short-track and scrambling competition in the late 1960s and early 1970s before taking up speedway, while also working as a motorcycle mechanic. He won the Queensland Junior Championship in 1974 and also the Barrier Reef Championship.During the 1974–75 British Lions tour of Australia he was spotted in a North Qld vs Great Britain meeting by Lions team manager Wally Mawdsley and made his British League debut with the Exeter Falcons in 1975 alongside then four time World Champion Ivan Mauger. A broken wrist meant that he missed most of the 1976 season but he progressed on his return, reaching the Intercontinental Final in 1978. He requested a transfer at the end of the season and in 1979 joined his friend John Titman at Leicester Lions. A hand injury limited his season and the following season only lasted until April, when he suffered a broken leg while riding in a Midland League match against Birmingham, complications from the injury ending his career.
Brown Derby (5 May 1914, Castle Douglas, Kirkcudbrightshire, Scotland, UK – 17 July 2000) was a Scottish film and television actor. He made his film debut as Edith Evans's footman in Thorold Dickinson's classic The Queen of Spades (1949). He played Sergeant Roberts, too, in Suspended Alibi. Derby had a regular role as Scott-Erskine in the BBC's The Omega Factor, and also starred in Dr. Finlay's Casebook, Z-Cars, The Saint, Sutherland's Law, Play for Today, Take The High Road and many other British television shows.
Rod Garossino (born June 7, 1963) is a Canadian retired ice dancer.  Partnering his sister Karyn Garossino, he competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and won the gold medal at the 1989 Canadian Figure Skating Championships.
Born to Kill (Italian: Nato per uccidere, also known as Django - nato per uccidere) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film written, directed and produced by Antonio Mollica, at his directorial debut. It stars Gordon Mitchell and Femi Benussi.
La moglie più bella (Italian: The Most Beautiful Wife) is a 1970 Italian film directed by Damiano Damiani, based on the 1965 case of Franca Viola, who challenged the southern Italian custom of kidnapping and raping a prospective bride by refusing to marry her abductor. It was the debut film for the then 14-year-old Ornella Muti.
Michael Edirin Obiku (born 24 September 1968 in Warri) is a retired Nigerian football striker. He is currently coach at Feyenoord Rotterdam's Soccer Schools.
Point-in-time recovery (PITR) in the context of computers involves systems, often databases, whereby an administrator can restore or recover a set of data or a particular setting from a time in the past. Note for example Windows XP's capability to restore operating-system settings from a past date (for instance, before data corruption occurred).  Time Machine for Mac OS X provides another example of point-in-time recovery.
Once PITR logging starts for a PITR-capable database, a database administrator can restore that database from backups to the state that it had at any time since.
Heath Chapman (born 31 January 2002) is an Australian rules football player who plays for Fremantle in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Chapman played junior football for the Joondalup Kinross Junior Football Club and attended Prendiville  Catholic College. He played for West Perth in the West Australian Football League. Known for his intercept marking skills and speed, Chapman ran the fastest 2 km time trial at the 2020 WA draft combine testing.Chapman made his AFL debut in the second round of the 2021 AFL season in Fremantle's win over Greater Western Sydney.
Schwarzenbek-Land is an Amt ("collective municipality") in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated around Schwarzenbek. Its seat is in Schwarzenbek, itself not part of the Amt.
The Amt Schwarzenbek-Land consists of the following municipalities (population in 2005 between brackets):
The Afghanistan cricket team played the West Indies cricket team in India in November and December 2019 to play one Test, three One Day Internationals (ODIs) and three Twenty20 International (T20I) matches. It was the first Test match that Afghanistan played against the West Indies. The two teams had played each other ten times before, with the majority of matches in the Caribbean, with this being Afghanistan's fourth Test match. All the matches were played at the Ekana International Cricket Stadium in Lucknow.Following the 2019 Cricket World Cup, where Afghanistan lost all of their matches, Rashid Khan was named as the new captain of the Afghanistan cricket team across all three formats. In September 2019, Kieron Pollard was named as the captain of the West Indies' team for the ODIs and T20Is, taking over the roles from Jason Holder. Holder was retained as the Test captain of the team. Nitin Menon was one of the on-field umpires for the Test match, becoming the 62nd Indian to umpire at this level.The West Indies won the first two ODIs to take an unassailable lead in the series, and secured their first ODI series win since beating Bangladesh 3–0 in August 2014. The West Indies won the final ODI by five wickets, winning the series 3–0, which was also their first whitewash since the Bangladesh series. Afghanistan won the T20I series 2–1. It was the second time that Afghanistan had won a T20I series against a team in the top ten of the ICC T20I Championship rankings, after whitewashing Bangladesh 3–0 in June 2018. The West Indies won the one-off Test match by nine wickets, with the game finishing early on the third day.
Wipas Raksakulthai (Thai: วิภาส รักสกุลไทย; born c. 1973) is a Thai businessman currently serving a sentence for lèse majesté following a Facebook post to his account perceived to criticize King Bhumibol. Wipas has been named a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International.
Wipas is a Thai "Red Shirt", a supporter of the United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship, the movement loosely affiliated with deposed prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra. On 29 April 2010, he was arrested at his home in Rayong Province by the Department of Special Investigation on charges of lèse majesté, following a Facebook post to his account allegedly criticizing the king. He was 37 years old at the time of his arrest. Wipas denied that he had made the post, stating that his account had been hacked. In May 2011, The Nation quoted a "reliable source" as saying that Wipas had been released on bail, but was trying to avoid further news coverage.The Bangkok Post reported that this was thought to be the first lèse majesté charge against a Thai Facebook user. A media reform activist described the case as escalating "the climate of fear among [Thai] internet users" and stated that "now many people refrain from revealing their real identities on Facebook."In its 2011 Annual Report, Amnesty International criticized the arrest, expressing its concern that "[Thai] freedom of expression is being curbed through the use of the emergency decree, the lese majeste law and the Computer Crime Act." The organization named Wipas a prisoner of conscience, apparently the first in several decades. An advisor to Amnesty International said he was uncertain why Wipas had been classified as a prisoner conscience while the possibly hundreds of other citizens detained under the lese majeste law had not.
Thomas Bang (born 6 September 1938) is a Danish sculptor who in the 1970s contributed to Conceptual art and Pop art in the United States.
The Challenge de Curling de Gatineau (formerly the Challenge Chateau Cartier de Gatineau and the Challenge Casino Lac Leamy) is an annual bonspiel, or curling tournament, on the World Curling Tour. It is held annually in late October in the City of Gatineau, Quebec. The men's tournament was started in 2009, while the women's tournament was started in 2011, but discontinued after 2013.
Beginning in 2011, the event shifted venues to the Centre Sportif Robert Rochon in Masson, Quebec in the Masson-Angers sector of the city and the Buckingham Curling Club in the Buckingham sector.
Söldner: Secret Wars is a video game, developed by German studio Wings Simulations and published in 2004 by JoWooD Productions and Encore, Inc.. The game can be played in first- or third-person. Players can control an individual soldier who can acquire and control a ground vehicle, ship, submarine, plane, VTOL or helicopter; a ground troop can be equipped with SCUBA gear, weapons with open, telescopic, and dot sights, smoke, fragment, and flash-bang grenades, explosives and booby traps, vehicle repair equipment, thermal scopes, and other gear.
A still unique aspect of Soldner is the Advanced Destruction System (ADS) that it implements; explosives, bombs, and missiles can change the shape of terrain, crater runways and roads to make them unusable or difficult to navigate, and damage terrain, trees, and buildings used for cover as well as leaving debris which may become an obstacle for soldiers and vehicles.In 2011, the game's developer JoWood was acquired by THQ Nordic, and development of the game was handed over to the game's community.
Nancy Agag, also spelled Nancy Ajaj (Arabic: نانسي عجاج, born 2 March 1979), is a popular modern Sudanese singer-songwriter and recording artist. In her music, she combines both songs by older Sudanese musicians as well as her own compositions. Her songs are characterised by modern arrangements, played by her own band of professional musicians, and she enjoys wide popularity in Sudan as well as abroad.
The Oceania National Olympic Committees (acronym: ONOC) is an international organization that congregates the 17 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) of Oceania.
It often assembles with other continental NOCs in the form of the Association of National Olympic Committees (ANOC).
New Bolanden Castle (German: Burg Neu-Bolanden or Neubolanden) is a ruined spur castle and, today, a cultural monument. It stands at a height of 260 m on the 276-metre-high Schlossberg hill immediately east of the village of Bolanden in the county of Donnersbergkreis in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Desmoschisis is asexual reproduction in dinoflagellates which the parent cell divides to produce two daughter cells, each daughter retaining half the parent theca, at least temporarily. During desmoschisis, the theca undergoes fission along a predetermined suture between thecal plates. The fission suture is oblique, usually from the top left to the bottom right (as in oblique binary fission). In terms of asexual division of motile cells, desmoschisis is
generally the case in gonyaulacaleans whereas eleutheroschisis is generally the case in peridinialeans.
On the Edge (Russian: На острие, romanized: Na ostrie) is a 2020 Russian sports drama film directed by Eduard Bordukov. Women's fencing in a confrontation between two swordswomen on sabers, the film stars Svetlana Khodchenkova, Stasya Miloslavskaya, Sergei Puskepalis, and Alexey Barabash. The film was theatrically released on November 26, 2020 by Central Partnership.
Lagos Deep Offshore Logistics Base (LADOL), officially LADOL Free Zone, also known as LADOL Base or the initials LFZ, is an industrial Free Zone privately owned logistics and engineering facility located on an island in the Port of Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria.
LADOL was designed to provide logistics, engineering and other support services to offshore oil & gas exploration and production companies operating in and around West Africa.
The Church of Saint Cajetan, known as the church of San Millán y San Cayetano is a Baroque church in Madrid, Spain.
Delovak Athara (Sinhala, Between Two Worlds) is a 1966 Sri Lankan drama film directed by Dr. Lester James Peries, the screen play dialog and script by Dr. Tissa Abeysekara. The film stars Tony Ranasinghe and Suvineetha Weerasinghe in lead roles along with Jeevarani Kurukulasuriya and Wijeratne Warakagoda.Peries developed the movie as a character study utilizing a single incident to provide insight into the newly rich society of Sri Lanka in the time period. It proved to be his most successful film up to that time, surpassing Gamperaliya in box office earnings. It was also a critical success, winning praise from Sinhala critics like Philip Cooray and making the rounds at European film festivals, including the Valladolid Film Festival in Spain.The film was re-screened on 21 July 2018 at 4.30 pm at the Regal Cinema in Kandy for the Sarasaviya Film Festival.
Valentin Vasilyevich Orishchenko (Russian: Валентин Васильевич Орищенко; born 10 July 1922) was a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s. Together with Nikolay Perevozchikov he finished fourth in the C-2 10000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. Orishchenko was a World War II veteran. Before taking up canoe racing he trained in gymnastics.
Radiodiffusion-Télévision ivoirienne (RTI) is the publicly owned radio and television authority of Côte d'Ivoire. It is financed through a combination of television and radio licences, advertisements, and taxes.
Sook-Ja Oh (born 26 May 1941) is a South Korean composer. She was born in Seoul, Korea and studied at Kyung Hee University, where she received a Bachelor of Arts in 1971 and a Master of Arts in 1973. She continued her studies in electronic music at Peabody College in the United States, and in orchestral conducting at the Mozarteum in Salzburg.
The Qatar Central Bank (Arabic: مصرف قطر المركزي) is the central bank of Qatar.
The Qatar Central Bank was originally until 1993 known as the Qatar Monetary Agency (and was known before that as Qatar Dubai Currency Board), founded on May 13, 1973 after Dubai joined the United Arab Emirates and disengaged itself from British monetary policy which the area had previously followed.  The Qatar Monetary Agency assumed the duties of a central bank. In 1973, Amiri Decree No. 24 authorized the issuance of the Qatari Riyal (QR).Over its history the Qatar Central Bank has increasingly worked in association with other, larger central banks to achieve a stable currency for the country, most recently and notably with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Alexander Vladimirovich Solovtsov (Russian: Александр Соловцов; 14 November 1847, in Kazan – 20 March 1923, in Moscow) was a Russian chess master.
He tied for 3rd-4th and drew a match for the third place with Emanuel Schiffers (1:1) at Sankt Petersburg 1878/79. Solovtsov took part in the correspondence match between the Moscow and St. Petersburg chess clubs (January 1878 – March 1879), which ended with the score 2:0 in favor of the command of Moscow. He shared 1st at Moscow 1879, and won ahead of Hellwig, Muratov, and Maude at Moscow 1880.He played several matches; drew with Mikhail Chigorin (1:1) in 1884, won against Raphael Falk (7:2) in 1892, and lost to Chigorin (0:4) in 1893. In 1894 he defeated Jacques Mieses, toured in Moscow. In 1899 he won the match with Boris Grigoriev and became the first champion of Moscow.
The 71st annual Cannes Film Festival was held from 8 to 19 May 2018. Australian actress Cate Blanchett acted as President of the Jury. The Japanese film Shoplifters, directed by Hirokazu Kore-eda, won the Palme d'Or.Asghar Farhadi's psychological thriller Everybody Knows, starring Javier Bardem, Penélope Cruz and Ricardo Darín, opened the festival and competed in the Main Competition section. It was the second Spanish-language film to open Cannes, following Pedro Almodóvar's Bad Education, which screened on the opening night of the 2004 festival.
The official festival poster features Jean-Paul Belmondo and Anna Karina from Jean-Luc Godard's 1965 film Pierrot le Fou. It is the second time the festival poster was inspired by Godard's film after his 1963 film Contempt at the 2016 festival. According to festival's official statement, the poster is inspired by and paid tribute to the work of French photographer Georges Pierre.
Repino (Russian: Репино) is a rural locality (a khutor) in Kletskoye Rural Settlement, Sredneakhtubinsky District, Volgograd Oblast, Russia. The population was 269 as of 2010. There are 12 streets.
Here and There is a jazz album by multi-instrumentalist Eric Dolphy. It was originally released in 1966 on the Prestige label as PRLP 7382. It contains tracks recorded on three separate dates, in different locations. Mal Waldron's "Status Seeking" and Dolphy's solo bass clarinet version of Billie Holiday's "God Bless the Child" were recorded on July 16, 1961 at the Five Spot in New York City as part of the concert that was documented on the At the Five Spot recordings. (This version of "God Bless the Child" was Dolphy's first recorded performance of the tune.) "April Fool" and "G.W. (Take 1)" were recorded on April 1, 1960 at Van Gelder Studio in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey as part of the session that yielded Outward Bound, Dolphy's first album as a leader. ("G.W. (Take 1)" is an alternate take of the first track on Outward Bound. It previously appeared on Dash One, and was not part of the original LP issue of Here and There. "G.W." is dedicated to the Californian bandleader Gerald Wilson.) "Don't Blame Me" was recorded on September 6, 1961 in Berlingske Has, Copenhagen, Denmark during Dolphy's second European tour, as part of the sessions that produced Eric Dolphy in Europe Volumes 1-3.
Richard G. Polanco (born March 4, 1951) is a former California State Senate Majority leader and member of the California State Assembly. He is known for his significant efforts in increasing Latino representation in the California Legislature.
Pascal Mendy (born 11 January 1979) is a Senegalese former footballer.
Gamla Enskede (Swedish: "Old Enskede") is a district of Enskede-Årsta-Vantör borough, South Stockholm, Sweden. In addition to housing areas, the district includes the Skogskyrkogården woodland cemetery and the smaller Sandsborgskyrkogården cemetery.
Asterix or The Adventures of Asterix (French: Astérix or Astérix le Gaulois, [asteʁiks lə ɡolwa]; "Asterix the Gaul") is a French comic book series about Gaulish warriors, who adventure around the world and fight the Roman Republic, with the aid of a magic potion, during the era of Julius Caesar in an ahistorical telling of the time after the Gallic Wars. The series first appeared in the Franco-Belgian comic magazine Pilote on 29 October 1959. It was written by René Goscinny and illustrated by Albert Uderzo until Goscinny's death in 1977. Uderzo then took over the writing until 2009, when he sold the rights to publishing company Hachette; he died in 2020. In 2013, a new team consisting of Jean-Yves Ferri (script) and Didier Conrad (artwork) took over. As of 2021, 39 volumes have been released, with the most recent released in October 2021.
Monzur Hossain (Bengali: মনজুর হোসেন) is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the incumbent Member of Parliament of Faridpur-1.
Dottie Potter Zenaty was the field hockey coach at Springfield College from 1970 to 2003, amassing a record of 377 wins, 233 losses and 43 ties in 34 seasons.Zenaty was inducted into the New Agenda Northeast Hall of Fame in 1989, the Springfield College Athletic Hall of Fame in 1990 and the National Field Hockey Coaches Association Hall of Fame in 2003.She was named the New England Women's and Men's Athletic Conference Field Hockey Coach of the Year in 1999 and 2000.
Speedworks Motorsport is a British motor racing team based in Sandbach, Cheshire. The team was formed in 2005 by Christian and Amy Dick. They are best known for competing in the British Touring Car Championship since 2011. They also compete in the 24H Series.
Savoy Hotel Copenhagen is a 66-room, privately run hotel located at Vesterbrogade 34 in the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.  The hotel is based in the rear wing of the Løvenborg Building, Denmark's first example of Art Nouveau.The building was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1885. It is owned by Dreyers Fond,
The Hail Flutie game, also known as the Miracle in Miami, is a college football game in 1984 that took place between the Boston College Eagles and the Miami Hurricanes on November 23. It has been regarded by FOX Sports writer Kevin Hench as among the most memorable moments in sports.The game is remembered for its last-second Hail Mary pass from quarterback Doug Flutie to wide receiver Gerard Phelan to give Boston College the win. 
At the time, both teams were Independents. Miami was the defending national champion and entered the game with an 8–3 record, ranked twelfth in the nation. Boston College was ranked tenth with a record of 7–2 and had already accepted an invitation to the Cotton Bowl on New Year's Day. The game was played at the Orange Bowl in Miami, and televised nationally by CBS, with Brent Musburger, Ara Parseghian, and Pat Haden commentating.
The Hurricanes' quarterback Bernie Kosar passed for a school-record 447 yards, with two touchdowns.
Flutie passed for 472 yards and three touchdowns to become the first major college quarterback to surpass 10,000 yards passing in a career.
Roy Henry Higgins MBE (5 June 1938 – 8 March 2014) was an Australian jockey who rode from the late 1950s to the early 1980s.  His talent in the saddle was to later earn him the nickname "The Professor".
La Rubia Mireya is a 1948 Argentine film. It is the story of a woman who was reluctantly married, divorced, and rejected by her daughter.
Kerr's Pink is a potato cultivar in wide production in Ireland and the United Kingdom and many other countries. Although often quoted as an "Irish potato" (where it was introduced in 1917), the cultivar was actually created by J. Henry of Cornhill, Scotland, in 1907.
In 2002, it accounted for 25% of potato production in Ireland, making it the nation's second largest variety.
'Kerr's Pink' potatoes have a distinctive pink colour with deep eyes. They are quite floury and starchy. They are very good for mashing and boiling but can also be chipped.
'Kerr's Pinks' grow with many tubers and can catch potato blight very easily.
'Kerr's Pinks' have a slightly low resistance to common scab and tend to have a low resistance to potato cyst nematode (pallida) and potato cyst nematode (rostochiensis). The variety has an average resistance to powdery scab and blackleg. It has a very high resistance to slugs and a relatively high resistance to splitting.
The Blackmagic URSA is a digital movie camera developed and manufactured by Blackmagic Design, released on August 8, 2014. It is the first camera to be user-upgradeable for additional equipment manufactured by Blackmagic and other third-party makers.
Experience: Jill Scott 826+ is a live album by American singer Jill Scott, released on November 20, 2001, by Hidden Beach Recordings. The album was promoted by the singles "Gimme" and the live version of "He Loves Me (Lyzel in E Flat)", with videos shot for both.
The first disc contains concert recordings from her Words and Sounds Tour; the "826" in the album title refers to the August 26, 2001, concert in Washington, D.C., that comprises most of the live material. The "+" in the title refers to bonus material, including previously unreleased studio recordings, collected on the second disc.
Aaron Wells Peirsol (born July 23, 1983) is an American former competition swimmer and backstroke specialist who is a former world champion and world record-holder.  He is a three-time Olympian and seven-time Olympic medalist (five gold, two silver).  As a member of the U.S. national team, he holds the world record in the men's 4×100-meter medley relay (long course).  Individually, he currently holds the world record in the 200-meter backstroke event (long course).  In February 2011, Peirsol announced his retirement, saying, "I ended up doing everything I set out to do."
Peirsol's successes have earned him the American Swimmer of the Year Award once.  He has won a total of thirty-six medals in major international competition: twenty-nine gold, six silver, and one bronze spanning the Olympics, the World, Pan American, and the Pan Pacific Championships.
In his Olympic debut at the 2000 Summer Olympics, at the age of 17, Peirsol won a silver medal in the 200-meter backstroke.  Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Peirsol won gold in the 100-meter and 200-meter backstroke (sweeping the backstroke events) and the 4×100-meter medley relay. In his third Olympics (2008 Summer Olympics), Peirsol won gold in the 100-meter backstroke and the 4×100-meter medley relay. He came short of his success he had in Athens by winning silver in the 200-meter backstroke, finishing behind Ryan Lochte.
Kim Il-sung Military University (also known as Kim Il-sung Military Academy) is a university located in Mangyongdae-guyok, Pyongyang, capital of North Korea. Founded in 1948 and named after Kim Il-sung, the school is a post-secondary educational institution for officers in the Korean People's Army. It is the most prominent military academy in North Korea.
Muscle tissue engineering is a subset of the general field of tissue engineering, which studies the combined use of cells and scaffolds to design therapeutic tissue implants. The major motivation for muscle tissue engineering is to treat a condition called volumetric muscle loss (VML). VML can be caused by a variety of injuries or diseases, including general trauma, postoperative damage, cancer ablation, congenital defects, and degenerative myopathy.Although muscle contains a stem cell population called satellite cells that are capable of regenerating small muscle injuries, muscle damage in VML is so extensive that it overwhelms muscle's natural regenerative capabilities. Currently VML is treated through an autologous muscle flap or graft but there are various problems associated with this procedure. Donor site morbidity, lack of donor tissue, and inadequate vascularization all limit the ability of doctors to adequately treat VML. The field of muscle tissue engineering attempts to address this problem through the design of a functional muscle construct that can be used to treat the damaged muscle instead of harvesting an autologous muscle flap from elsewhere on the patient's body.
Muscle is a naturally aligned organ, with individual muscle fibers packed together into larger units called muscle fascicles. The uniaxial alignment of muscle fibers allows them to simultaneously contract in the same direction and properly propagate force on the bones via the tendons. A major focus of muscle tissue engineering is to create constructs with the functionality of native muscle and ability to contract. To this end, alignment of the tissue engineered construct is extremely important. It has been shown that cells grown on substrates with alignment cues form more robust muscle fibers. Several other design criteria considered in muscle tissue engineering include the scaffold porosity, stiffness, biocompatibility, and degradation timeline. Substrate stiffness should ideally be in the myogenic range, which has been shown to be 10-15 kPa.Functional analysis of a tissue engineered muscle construct is important to illustrate its potential to help regenerate muscle. A variety of assays are generally used to evaluate a tissue engineered muscle construct including immunohistochemistry, RT-PCR, electrical stimulation and resulting peak-to-peak voltage, scanning electron microscope imaging, and in vivo response.
Eric Henry Laakso (November 29, 1956 – December 25, 2010) was an NFL offensive tackle and guard who played seven seasons with the Miami Dolphins, a tenure which included two Super Bowls. After high school at Killingly in Danielson, CT he attended Tulane University, where he majored in civil engineering and played offensive tackle from 1975 to 1977 and was honored as the 1976–77 Tulane Athlete of the year. Laakso was selected 106th overall by the Dolphins in the fourth round of the 1978 NFL Draft. Laakso resided in South Florida and was active with NFL Alumni functions.
Severny Island (Russian: Се́верный о́стров, romanized: Severnyy ostrov, lit. 'Northern Island') is a Russian Arctic island. It is the northern island of the Novaya Zemlya archipelago.
It was historically called Lütke Land after Friedrich Benjamin von Lütke, who explored it. It lies approximately 400 km north of the Russian mainland. It has an area of 48,904 square kilometres (18,882 sq mi), making it the 30th-largest island in the world. It is part of Russian Arctic National Park.
Calamaria gervaisii, commonly known as Gervais' worm snake,  is a species of relatively small-sized burrowing or fossorial snake in the family Colubridae.
Valeria was an important Roman city and one of the three major cities (with Segobriga and Ercavica) in the modern province of Cuenca.
Its impressive ruins are located on an spectacular site near the modern town of Valeria (Cuenca, Castilla-La Mancha).
California Breed was an English-American hard rock band based in Los Angeles, California. Formed in 2013, the band was a supergroup composed of bassist and vocalist Glenn Hughes, guitarist Andrew Watt, and drummer Jason Bonham. Following the breakup of his previous band Black Country Communion, Hughes was introduced to Watt in 2013 and the two quickly formed California Breed, with Black Country Communion drummer Bonham completing the lineup shortly after. The band recorded its self-titled debut album with producer Dave Cobb in late 2013, which was released through Frontiers Records in May 2014 and reached number 78 on the US Billboard 200.
Following the release of the album, Bonham left California Breed due to other commitments preventing him from touring; he was replaced by former Queens of the Stone Age and Eagles of Death Metal drummer Joey Castillo. The band toured in support of the band Alter Bridge, and later on five UK dates with Slash featuring Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators. It was later revealed that Bonham's departure was likely to be permanent, and in January 2015 the band announced that it would no longer continue.
The Solomon Islands participated in the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore.
Tengen (天元) was a Japanese era (年号, nengō, "year name") after Jōgen and before Eikan.  This period spanned the years from November 978 through April 983. The reigning emperor was En'yū-tennō (円融天皇).
TullyOran (Irish: Tulaigh Odhráin, meaning 'Odhran’s hill') is a townland nearby Mohill town, county Leitrim, in Ireland. Tullyoran Court Tomb is an ancient megalithic tomb located here.
Ny-Ålesund ("New Ålesund") is a small town in Oscar II Land on the island of Spitsbergen in Svalbard, Norway. It is situated on the Brøgger peninsula (Brøggerhalvøya) and on the shore of the bay of Kongsfjorden. The company town is owned and operated by Kings Bay, which provides facilities for permanent research activities by 19 institutions from 11 countries. The town is ultimately owned by the Ministry of Climate and Environment and is not incorporated (i.e. is not recognised as a town by the Norwegian government). Ny-Ålesund has an all-year permanent population of 30 to 35, with the summer population reaching 114. Its facilities include Ny-Ålesund Airport, Hamnerabben, Svalbard Rocket Range, a port and Ny-Ålesund Town and Mine Museum, as well as a number of buildings dedicated to research and environmental monitoring activities. It is the northernmost functional civilian settlement in the world.
The town was founded in 1917 by Peter Brandal and his mining company, Kings Bay Kull Comp. Initially mining was carried out until 1929, but it was unprofitable for most of the 1920s. There were a series of air expeditions launched from Ny-Ålesund towards the North Pole. The company was nationalized in 1933 and the town was used for tourism and as a fishing port. Mining resumed for some months in 1941 and then from 1945. After several fatal incidents occurred including a mining accident on 5 November 1962 that killed 21 miners in what became known as the Kings Bay Affair, mining activity was terminated and Gerhardsen's Third Cabinet resigned. Kongsfjord Telemetry Station opened in 1967 and the town gradually transformed into a research settlement, with the Norwegian Polar Institute having had a year-round presence since 1968. As of 2021, 18 institutions from 11 countries have a more or less permanent presence in Ny-Ålesund – five of them with year-round activity, the remaining primarily present during the spring-summer-autumn field season.
NGC 4440 is a barred spiral galaxy located about 55 million light-years away in the constellation of Virgo. NGC 4440 was discovered by astronomer William Herschel on April 17, 1784. It is a member of the Virgo Cluster.
Persiophis is a genus of snake in the family Colubridae  that contains the sole species Persiophis fahimii. It is commonly known as Fahimi's ground snake.
Oberea hebescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1873.
A loading arm permits the transfer of liquid or liquefied gas from one tank to another through an articulated pipe system consisting of rigid piping and swivel joints to obtain flexibility.
Transfer to or from a truck transported tank or rail transported tank requires a Top Loading Arm or a Bottom Loading Arm.  Transfer to or from a ship or barge requires a marine loading arm.
Piper angamarcanum is a species of pepper plant in the family Piperaceae. It is endemic to Ecuador.
Kris Van Dijck (born 2 October 1963 in Turnhout) is a Belgian politician affiliated to the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA), member of the Flemish Parliament and mayor of Dessel.
He was elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament in 1995 and reelected ever since. He has been floor leader for N-VA between 2004 and 2007 and between 2009 and 2012. He was elected Speaker of the Flemish Parliament on 18 June 2019 but had to resign as Speaker due to the fact that he was caught drunk driving and because he was accused P-magazine which reported on 11 July 2019 that Mr Van Dijck connived to commit fraud together with a sex worker. Van Dijck denies the accusations of fraud.He was first elected to the Municipal Council of Dessel in 1989 and has been mayor of the town between 1995 and 2000 and again since 2007. N-VA has an absolute majority in the Municipal Council since the 2006 elections, even increased after the 2012 elections.
He was caught drunk driving in July 2019 after causing an accident involving a parked trailer. Subsequently he tried to downplay the seriousness of this infraction by saying “I haven’t committed any crime”.
He was fully intending on staying in office after this. However after accusations of fraud involving tax-money and prostitutes - claims he says are ungrounded - he decided to resign on 11 July. Three months later, the deontological committee of the Flemish Parliament decided that Van Dijck had not made a deontological mistake.
Irving Clinton Higginbotham (April 26, 1882 – June 13, 1959) was an American professional baseball pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1906 to 1909. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals and Chicago Cubs.
Higginbotham was born on April 26, 1881, in Blyburg, Nebraska. He made his MLB debut on August 11, 1906, with the St. Louis Cardinals. His professional baseball career ended in 1909.  Later in life, he worked as a painter; he was a member of Painter Union 300 in Seattle.  Higginbotham died of a heart ailment in Seattle on June 13, 1959, and was buried in Acacia Memorial Park in King County, Washington.
The Joint BioEnergy Institute (JBEI) is a research institute funded by the United States Department of Energy. JBEI is led by the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, and includes participation from the Sandia National Laboratory, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, as well as UC Berkeley, UC Davis, Iowa State University, and the Carnegie Institute. JBEI is located in Emeryville, California.
The goal of The Joint BioEnergy Institute is to develop biofuels, bio-synthesized from lignin derived from corn stover, sorghum and other plant feedstocks (see second generation biofuels) as an alternative to fossil fuels. Additionally, there are efforts to produce bio-based chemicals derived from the deconstruction of lignocellulosic biomass to create bio-based polymers and other commodities such as perfumes, dietary supplements as well as other high-end products. The goal is to use these bio-based chemicals to help finance the change in infrastructure from petroleum fuels to biofuels.
JBEI functions as an incubator for scientific discovery bringing together the best and brightest researchers from around the country and the globe.
Inside JBEI's Emeryville laboratories, five interlocking scientific divisions–Life-cycle, Economics and Agronomy; Feedstocks; Deconstruction; Biofuels and Bioproducts; and Technology–bring the sunlight-to-biofuels/bioproducts pipeline under one roof.
JBEI represents a departure from traditional research institutions that specialize in a single field. Here, an inter-disciplinary team of some 160-plus scientists, post doctoral researchers and graduate students combine their expertise and collaborate to develop genetic, biological, computational and robotic technologies to accelerate the process of discovery.
JBEI researchers are developing scientific breakthroughs to produce clean, sustainable, carbon-neutral biofuels and bioproducts.
An inter-disciplinary team of scientists is using the latest techniques in molecular biology, chemical and genetic engineering to develop new biological systems, processes and technologies to convert biomass to biofuels and bioproducts.
In the lab, JBEI researchers are engineering microbes to transform sugars into energy-rich fuels that can directly replace petroleum-derived gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. Advanced biofuels can also be dropped into today's engines and infrastructures with no loss of performance.
Harnessing the solar energy in biomass  from grasses and other non-edible plants could meet much of the nation's annual transportation energy needs without contributing to global climate change.
Gen. John J. Pershing Boyhood Home State Historic Site in Laclede, Missouri, is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site. General John Joseph "Jack" Pershing lead the American Expeditionary Forces in World War I and attained the rank of General of the Armies. Pershing was born on a farm outside Laclede, but lived in the home from age six to adulthood. The historic site preserves and interprets the boyhood home and the one-room Prairie Mound School at which he taught for a year before attending West Point Military Academy. The home has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1969, and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
Wraysbury railway station serves the village of Wraysbury in Berkshire, England, as well as the larger villages of Stanwell Moor and Poyle. It is 21 miles 40 chains (34.6 km) down the line from London Waterloo.
The station is on the line between Windsor and Eton Riverside and Waterloo. Services are operated by South Western Railway.
As part of the proposed AirTrack rail link, a new station, to be called Staines High Street railway station would be built between Wraysbury and Staines railway station. This proposal (involving rebuilding a former station) has been in doubt for some years.
The Evil Forest (Spanish: Parsifal) is a 1951 Spanish drama film directed by Daniel Mangrané. It was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.
Zan (Persian: زان, also Romanized as Zān) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 396, in 130 families.
The Men's Hockey Africa Cup of Nations is an international men's field hockey tournament governed by African Hockey Federation. The winning team becomes the champions of Africa and qualified for the FIH Hockey World Cup.
The South American section of the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification acts as qualifiers for the 2022 FIFA World Cup, to be held in Qatar, for national teams which are members of the South American Football Confederation (CONMEBOL). A total of 4.5 slots (4 direct slots and 1 inter-confederation play-off slot) in the final tournament are available for CONMEBOL teams.The qualification process began on 8 October 2020 and will end on 29 March 2022. Uruguay's Luis Suárez scored the first goal of the round-robin. This was the third time Suárez had opened scoring in the group (after 2010 and 2014), as well as the fourth consecutive time a Uruguayan player had done so (Martín Cáceres scored the first goal of the 2018 process).
Nadira Begum (Urdu: نادرہ بیگم), better known by her pseudonym title, Munni Begum (Urdu: مُنّی بیگم) is a Pakistani vocalist and ghazal singer.
In Sikhism, Five Thieves are the five major weaknesses of the human personality at variance with its spiritual essence, and are known as "thieves" because they steal a person's inherent common sense. These five thieves are kaam (lust), krodh (wrath), lobh (greed), moh (attachment) and ahankar (ego or excessive pride).The primary aim of a practicing Sikh is to subdue these five inner vices and render them inactive. The actions of one's mind (and by extension, one's body) should be above, beyond and without interference from these five inner evils. It is a Sikh's dharma and duty not to become subjected to these five lusts of the mind. Sikhs strive to live a life of devotion with a positive attitude or spirit, accepting God's  engaging in community service (Sewa) and practicing the Five Virtues. By taking these positive steps, the Five Thieves are gradually overcome and rendered powerless. Adopting this daily routine and discipline, ones actions become pure (nirmal) and rewarding. Through this process, any negativity and erroneous thinking in a person's heart and mind are removed.
Earl Wilcox Snell (July 11, 1895 – October 28, 1947) was an American politician, businessman, and member of the Republican Party, serving in the Oregon House of Representatives, as the Oregon Secretary of State, and as the 23rd Governor of Oregon. American journalist John Gunther described Snell as "genial, mediocre, and perpetually on the fence."
Chrysalis Records () is a British record label that was founded in 1968. The name is both a reference to the pupal stage of a butterfly and a combination of its founders' names, Chris Wright and Terry Ellis. It started as the Ellis-Wright Agency.
The People's Fighters: Teofilo Stevenson and the Legend of Cuban Boxing is a 2018 documentary film directed by Peter Berg and Diego Hurtado de Mendoza that aired on the Olympic Channel in the United States. Narrated by Peter Berg, the documentary includes archival footage as well as interviews with other Cuban Olympic medal winners.
Radovi na cesti (transl. Road Work) is the tenth studio album by Bosnian rock band Zabranjeno Pušenje, released through Tropik distribution in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia Records in Croatia and Dallas Records in Serbia, on October 10, 2013. Also, the album has been available on free digital download since its release.
Hamilton Centre is a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that is represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
It was created for the 1926 provincial election but abolished with the 1999 provincial election when the number of constituencies represented in the legislature was reduced. It was re-created for the 2007 election from parts of Hamilton East, Hamilton West and Ancaster—Dundas—Flamborough—Aldershot ridings.
It consists of the part of the City of Hamilton bounded by a line drawn south from the city limit along Ottawa Street, west along the Niagara Escarpment, southwest along James Mountain Road, south along West 5th Street, west along Lincoln M. Alexander Parkway, north along the hydroelectric transmission line situated west of Upper Horning Road, northeast along Highway No. 403, east along the Desjardins Canal to Hamilton Harbour.
Bayguzino (Russian: Байгу́зино) is a rural locality (a village) in Bayguzinsky Selsoviet, Ishimbaysky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 504 as of 2010. There are 9 streets.
The University of Peradeniya (Sinhala: පේරාදෙණිය විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය, Tamil: பேராதனைப் பல்கலைக்கழகம்) is a public university in Sri Lanka, funded by the University Grants Commission. It is the largest university in Sri Lanka, which was originally established as the University of Ceylon in 1942. The university was officially opened on 20 April 1954 in the presence of  Queen Elizabeth II by Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
The University of Peradeniya hosts nine faculties (including the newly added Management faculty), three postgraduate institutes, 10 centres, 73 departments, and teaches about 12,000 students in the fields of Medicine, Agriculture, Arts, Science, Engineering, Dental Sciences, Veterinary Medicine and Animal Science, Management and Allied Health Science. It claims to have the largest government endowment by a higher education institution in Sri Lanka, based on its large staff and faculties/departments.
Vasil Krumov Bozhkov is a Bulgarian politician and a businessman, considered the richest Bulgarian with a fortune estimated at between 1 and 3 billion Bulgarian levs.
Known by the nickname The Skull (Черепа, Cherepa), in internal correspondence of the US State Department he was described as "the most infamous gangster in Bulgaria."
Drejø (Danish pronunciation: [ˈtʁɑjˌøˀ]) is a Danish island south of Funen with 72 inhabitants, located in Svendborg municipality. The island covers an area of 4.26 km2 (1.64 sq mi) , and is 5 km (3 mi) long and 2 km (1 mi) wide at the widest place.  A ferry plies between Svendborg, Skarø and Drejø.
Giza (; sometimes spelled Gizah or Jizah; Arabic: الجيزة al-Jīzah, Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: [el ˈgiːze]) is the second-largest city in Egypt after Cairo and fourth-largest city in Africa after Kinshasa, Lagos and Cairo. It is the capital of Giza Governorate with a total population of 9.2 million as of 2021. It is located on the west bank of the Nile, 4.9 km (3 mi) southwest of central Cairo, and is a part of the Greater Cairo metropolis. Giza lies less than 30 km (18.64 mi) north of Memphis (Men-nefer), which was the capital city of the first unified Egyptian state from the days of the first pharaoh, Narmer.
Giza is most famous as the location of the Giza Plateau, the site of some of the most impressive ancient monuments in the world, including a complex of ancient Egyptian royal mortuary and sacred structures, including the Great Sphinx, the Great Pyramid of Giza, and a number of other large pyramids and temples. Giza has always been a focal point in Egypt's history due to its location close to Memphis, the ancient pharaonic capital of the Old Kingdom. Its St. George Cathedral is the episcopal see of the Coptic Catholic Eparchy of Giza.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in  Mauritius face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Sodomy (opposite-sex and same-sex anal and oral sex) is criminalized by Section 250 of the Criminal Code. Although same-sex relationships are not recognized in Mauritius, LGBT people are broadly protected from discrimination in areas such as employment, the provision of goods and services, etc., making it one of the few African countries to have such protections for LGBT people. The Constitution of Mauritius guarantees the right of individuals to a private life.Mauritius is one of the 96 countries to have signed the "Joint Statement on Ending Acts of Violence Related Human Rights Violations Based on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity" at the United Nations, condemning violence and discrimination against LGBT people. Furthermore, in recent years, there has been a growing acceptance towards LGBT people among Mauritius' population, particularly the younger generation, with polls indicating that it is one of Africa's most LGBT-friendly countries. Nevertheless, conservative attitudes about LGBT people are still commonplace.
Joseph Knauer (1 December 1764 in Czerwony Strumień, Kingdom of Prussia - 16 May 1844, Breslaw, Kingdom of Prussia) was great dean of Kladsko from 1808 to 1843 and Catholic Bishop of Wrocław from 1843 to 1844.
This is the list of the bishops of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine, depicting the organization of the church.
Pors Fotball is a Norwegian football club from Porsgrunn, currently playing in the 3. divisjon. Pors plays in blue jerseys, and their home ground is Pors Stadion. Notable former players include Jan Halvor Halvorsen and Erik Pedersen.
Sylvio de Souza (born 1935) is a Brazilian rower. He competed in the men's coxed four event at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Melt van Schoor (born 8 December 1967 in Cape Town) is a South Africa-born Namibian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a wicketkeeper. He played in the ICC Trophy between 1994 and 2001, and has played List A cricket since then. He also played five One Day Internationals in the World Cup in 2003. Van Schoor generally occupies the lower order, but performs well in this position.
Melt van Schoor is the brother of fellow cricketer Ian van Schoor.
In February 2020, he was named in Namibia's squad for the Over-50s Cricket World Cup in South Africa. However, the tournament was cancelled during the third round of matches due to the coronavirus pandemic.
His son died due to stroke at the age of 
The men's 5000 metres walk event  at the 1992 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held in Palasport di Genova on 28 February.
William of Jülich-Cleves-Berge (William I of Cleves, William V of Jülich-Berg) (German: Wilhelm der Reiche; 28 July 1516 – 5 January 1592) was a Duke of Jülich-Cleves-Berg (1539–1592).
William was born in and died in Düsseldorf. He was the only son of John III, Duke of Jülich-Cleves-Berg, and Maria, Duchess of Jülich-Berg. William took over rule of his father's estates (the Duchy of Cleves and the County of Mark) upon his death in 1539. Despite his mother having lived until 1543, William also became the Duke of Berg and Jülich and the Count of Ravensberg.
Mordellistena rubrofrontalis is a species of beetle in the genus Mordellistena of the family Mordellidae. It was described by Ray in 1936.
Grant Geoffrey Robinson (born 24 July 1979 in Gisborne) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Northern Districts from 2001 to 2008.A left-handed batsman, Robinson's highest first-class score was 125 not out in Northern Districts' 16-run victory over Auckland in 2002–03. He was also a leading member of the Hamilton team that dominated the Hawke Cup competition in the 2000s. In 2005–06 he scored 268 against Northland to record the second-highest score in the history of the competition.Robinson studied Law and Commerce at Waikato University. After working in senior positions for Westpac in Auckland, in 2019 he joined the compostable-packaging company Ecoware as general manager. He has a family with his wife Anna.
Warlity Małe [varˈlitɨ ˈmawɛ] (German: Warglitten bei Hohenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of the East Prussia region of Germany.
Trashlight Vision was a trash punk band from the United States. They featured the guitarist from Murderdolls, Acey Slade and Steve Haley from the Philadelphia-based rock band HALEY.
The band released their debut album in April 2006 on UnderGroove Records in the UK, entitled "Alibis and Ammunition".  The album features 11 original songs as well as a cover of the Ramones song "My Brain Is Hanging Upside Down (Bonzo Goes to Bitburg)".After releasing "Alibis and Ammunition", Trashlight Vision gained a strong and increasingly big fanbase and toured many different countries including their home country, various parts of Europe, the United Kingdom and Japan. The band's last Glasgow (Scotland) date was the only UK show to be filmed in its entirety and was filmed by GUILTY.x.DESIGN Productions.
Trashlight Vision signed with Rock Ridge Music in the USA and released Alibis and Ammunition in the United States on July 10, 2007.
The group disbanded on September 12, 2007.On 18 August 2011, the band announced that they would reunite with the original line-up to play a single show in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 29 September 2011. The show was set up as a benefit show for drummer Jonny Chops who underwent emergency surgery to remove a brain tumour in July 2011.
Graphics Layout Engine (GLE) is a graphics scripting language designed for creating publication quality graphs, plots, diagrams, figures and slides. GLE supports various graph types such as function plots, histograms, bar graphs, scatter plots, contour lines, color maps and surface plots through a simple but flexible set of graphing commands. More complex output can be created by relying on GLE's scripting language, which is full featured with subroutines, variables, and logic control. GLE relies on LaTeX for text output and supports mathematical formula in graphs and figures. GLE's output formats include EPS, PS, PDF, JPEG, and PNG.
The GLE software dates back to the early 1990s and it is still under active development. Currently, GLE development is hosted on SourceForge.
Crossconnell (Irish: Crois Chonaill) is a townland in the Urris Valley, located in the North-West corner of the Inishowen Peninsula. 
It is in the Electoral Division of Dunaff, in Civil Parish of Clonmany, in the Barony of Inishowen East, in County Donegal. It borders the following other townlands: Binnion to the east; Straid to the south; Tullagh to the West.  It contains the subtownland of Crocklacky.
It has an area of 115.14 hectares.  This is the equivalent of 284 acres, 2 roods and 4 perches.
Half Nelson is a 2006 American drama film directed by Ryan Fleck and written by Fleck and Anna Boden. The film stars Ryan Gosling, Shareeka Epps and Anthony Mackie. It was scored by Canadian band Broken Social Scene. 26-year-old Gosling was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance, becoming the eighth-youngest nominee in the category.
The story concerns an inner city middle-school teacher who forms a friendship with a student, after she discovers that he has a drug habit. The film is based on a 19-minute film made by Boden and Fleck in 2004, titled Gowanus, Brooklyn. It premiered in competition at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival. It was released theatrically on August 11, 2006.
Alejandro Ismael Murat Hinojosa (born August 4, 1975) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party. He was elected Governor of Oaxaca in 2016 and took office on December 1, 2016.
Marc Hyman is an American screenwriter. His writing credits include Universal's Meet the Fockers, Paramount's The Perfect Score, Warner Bros.'s Osmosis Jones, and Open Road Films' Show Dogs. He has served as a script doctor for more than 40 produced films.
Lilacia Park, an 8.5-acre (3.4 ha) garden, is located at 150 South Park Avenue, Lombard, Illinois, behind the Helen M. Plum Memorial Library. It specializes in lilacs and tulips. It is open to the public daily.
The garden was established by Colonel William Plum and his wife, Helen, who visited the lilac gardens of famous breeder Victor Lemoine (1823-1911), in Nancy, France. They returned with two cuttings (Mme. Casimir Perier, a double white, and Michel Buchner, a double light purple), which formed the basis of today's collection. After the Colonel's death in 1927 the grounds were left to the city as a public park.The park now features more than 200 varieties of lilacs and 50 varieties of tulips, as well as a greenhouse, historical building, picnic areas, and drinking fountains.
Each year in May when Lilacs and other flowers are in full bloom, there is a "Lilac Time". This celebration includes visiting Lilacia Park to view all the blooming plants, the Lilac Parade down the Lombard Main Street, and the Lilac Princess Program contest.The park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2019.
The Manchester and Lancashire Family History Society is an educational registered charity (No. 515599) for the encouragement of ‘the public study of family history, genealogy, heraldry and local history’ and promotion of ‘the preservation, security and accessibility of archival material'.  It was founded in 1964 in Manchester and became a registered charity in 1984.
The Society is one of the oldest and largest family history societies in the United Kingdom.  It is run by an Executive Committee elected by the Members. The Society, with several branches (Oldham and District, Irish Ancestry, Bolton and District and Anglo-Scottish Ancestry) offer a varied programme of more than 50 meetings every year. The Society is also active in various indexing projects. The Society’s journal The Manchester Genealogist (ISSN 0143-1331), published quarterly, includes articles on local history, genealogy, other topics of interest, reviews of books as well as up to date information about the latest family history developments.
Enoch Teye Mensah (born 17 May 1946) is a politician. He was a Minister for Education and a Member of Parliament in Ghana from January 1997 till January 2017.  He is popularly referred to as E. T. Mensah.
La Clotte (French pronunciation: ​[la klɔt]) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
The Russian Revival style (historiographical names are: Russian style, Russian: русский стиль, Pseudo-Russian style, Russian: псевдорусский стиль, Neo-Russian style, Russian: нео-русский стиль, Russian Byzantine style, Russian: русско-византийский стиль) is the generic term for a number of different movements within Russian architecture that arose in the second quarter of the 19th century and was an eclectic melding of Byzantine elements and pre-Petrine (Old Russian) architecture.
The Russian Revival architecture arose within the framework that the renewed interest in the national architecture, which evolved in Europe in the 19th century, and it is an interpretation and stylization of the Russian architectural heritage. Sometimes, Russian Revival architecture is often erroneously called Russian or Old-Russian architecture, but the majority of Revival architects did not directly reproduce the old architectural tradition. Being instead a skilful stylization, the Russian Revival style was consecutively combined with other international styles, from the architectural romanticism of first half of the 19th century to the modern style.
"Das Boot" (released in the UK and US as "The Boat") is the title theme to the film and TV series Das Boot, composed and produced by Klaus Doldinger, and released as a single in 1981.In 1991, it was covered by Alex Christensen and his dance music project U96. This techno version was U96's debut single from the album of the same name. It took the German single charts by storm and reached the top slot in early 1992, where it spent an unprecedented 13 weeks. "Das Boot" became a number-one hit also in Austria, Israel, Norway and Switzerland and was a top 10 hit in Denmark, Finland, France, the Netherlands and Sweden. It was also a top 20 hit in the UK, peaking at No. 18. The song was the subject of many remixes throughout the years.
Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight is the second studio album by American rapper Travis Scott. It was released on September 2, 2016, through Grand Hustle Records and distributed by Epic Records. It exclusively premiered through Travis Scott and Chase B's radio show Wav Radio on Beats 1 and Apple Music. The album features guest appearances from André 3000, Blac Youngsta, Kid Cudi, Nav, 21 Savage, Kendrick Lamar, Bryson Tiller, Young Thug, Quavo, K. Forest, and the Weeknd. Production was handled by a number of record producers, including Nav, Vinylz, Mike Dean, Cardo, Frank Dukes, and Allen Ritter, among others.
Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight was supported by three singles: "Wonderful", "Pick Up the Phone", and "Goosebumps". The album received generally favorable reviews from critics, debuting at number one on the US Billboard 200, earning 88,000 album units in the first week.
Valdemar II (9 May 1170 – 28 March 1241), called Valdemar the Victorious or Valdemar the Conqueror (Valdemar Sejr), was the King of Denmark from 1202 until his death in 1241. The nickname Sejr is a later invention and was not used during the King's own lifetime. Sejr means victory in Danish.
A causal loop diagram (CLD) is a causal diagram that aids in visualizing how different variables in a system are causally interrelated. The diagram consists of a set of words and arrows. Causal loop diagrams are accompanied by a narrative which describes the causally closed situation the CLD describes. Closed loops, or causal feedback loops, in the diagram are very important features of CLDs. 
The words with arrows coming in and out represent variables, or quantities whose value changes over time and the links represent a causal relationship between the two variables (i.e., they do not represent a material flow). A link marked + indicates a positive relation where an increase in the causal variable leads, all else equal, to an increase in the effect variable, or a decrease in the causal variable leads, all else equal, to a decrease in the effect variable. A link marked - indicates a negative relation where an increase in the causal variable leads, all else equal, to a decrease in the effect variable, or a decrease in the causal variable leads, all else equal, to an increase in the effect variable. A positive causal link can be said to lead to a change in the same direction, and an opposite link can be said to lead to change in the opposite direction, i.e. if the variable in which the link starts increases, the other variable decreases and vice versa.
The words without arrows are loop labels. As with the links, feedback loops have either positive (i.e., reinforcing) or negative (i.e., balancing) polarity. CLDs contain labels for these processes, often using numbering (e.g., B1 for the first balancing loop being described in a narrative, B2 for the second one, etc.), and phrases that describe the function of th loop (i.e., "haste makes waste"). A reinforcing loop is a cycle in which the effect of a variation in any variable propagates through the loop and returns to reinforce the initial deviation (i.e. if a variable increases in a reinforcing loop the effect through the cycle will return an increase to the same variable and vice versa). A balancing loop is the cycle in which the effect of a variation in any variable propagates through the loop and returns to the variable a deviation opposite to the initial one (i.e. if a variable increases in a balancing loop the effect through the cycle will return a decrease to the same variable and vice versa). Balancing loops are typically goal-seeking, or error-sensitive, processes and are presented with the variable indicating the goal of the loop. Reinforcing loops are typically vicious or virtuous cycles.  
The amount of the Bank Balance will affect the amount of the Earned Interest, as represented by the top blue arrow, pointing from Bank Balance to Earned Interest.
Since an increase in Bank balance results in an increase in Earned Interest, this link is positive, which is denoted with a "+".
The Earned interest gets added to the Bank balance, also a positive link, represented by the bottom blue arrow.
The causal effect between these variables forms a positive reinforcing loop, represented by the green arrow, which is denoted with an "R".
IdeaPlane was an enterprise social networking platform targeted at companies in heavily regulated industries such as financial services. With expertise in compliance, IdeaPlane's platform was tailored to keep companies compliant with the regulations set forth by organizations like the U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Financial Services Authority and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
In 2010, James Fabricant, one of the four founders of MySpace International, founded IdeaPlane. The company was headquartered in London and also had a presence in New York and San Francisco. It was bought by competitor Workshare in November 2012.
Tall Asur (Arabic: تل العاصور), known in Hebrew as Ba'al Hazor (Hebrew: בַּעַל חָצוֹר), is a hill and one of the highest points in the West Bank, with an altitude of 1,016 metres (3,333 ft). It is surrounded by the Palestinian villages of Silwad, Taybeh, Kafr Malik and Al-Mazra'a ash-Sharqiya and the Israeli settlement of Ofra.
In modern times it was identified with the biblical site of Baal-hazor, a place in Samaria on the border of Ephraim and Benjamin where Absalom held the feast of sheep-shearing when Amnon was assassinated, according to 2 Samuel 13:23. It is probably identical with Hazor mentioned in Nehemiah 11:33. If that is correct, the modern Arabic place name preserves the original Biblical name.
The mountain has two peaks, one of which is an IDF base.
Prellwitz is a surname of Prussian origin. Notable people with the surname include:
Amaka Osakwe (born 1987) is a Nigerian fashion designer and creator of the African-based fashion label named Maki Oh. She has led her womanswear label since 2010 from Lagos, and it is a Nigerian-based label that is globally acknowledged.
Mordellistena nigriventris is a species of beetle in the genus Mordellistena of the family Mordellidae. It was described by Píc in 1937.
Systerflesene Islands (69°17′S 39°25′E) is a group of three small islands lying 5 miles (8 km) west of Hamnenabben Head in the east part of Lutzow-Holm Bay. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and named "Systerflesene" (the sister islets).
Phaeodema is a genus of parasitic flies in the family Tachinidae. There is one described species in Phaeodema, P. mystacina.
Aurora Levins Morales (born February 24, 1954) is a Puerto Rican Jewish writer and poet.  She is significant within Latina feminism and Third World feminism as well as other social justice movements.
This is a list of census-designated places in the U.S. state of Illinois, by county.
The Rugby sevens competition at the 2011 Commonwealth Youth Games in Douglas, Isle of Man will be held in September 2011 at The Bowl Stadium.
Holmestrand  is a town and municipality in Vestfold in Vestfold og Telemark county, Norway.  The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Holmestrand.  The town was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt). The neighboring rural municipality of Botne was merged into the municipality of Holmestrand on 1 January 1964. Sande municipality merged into Holmestrand on January 1, 2020. The municipality of Hof was merged into Holmestrand on January 1, 2018.The town lies by the Oslofjord and is built beside the water. It was granted municipal status in 1752, but had been a harbour for exporting of timber/lumber since around 1550. It borders the Oslo Fjord in the east, Tønsberg in the south, and it shares a short border with Larvik in the south-west. It is bordered by Viken in the west and north.
Holmestrand is home to Vestfold County's largest lake, Eikeren. It is also Vestfjellet, which is the highest peak in the county.
Robert Hugh McWilliams Jr. (April 27, 1916 – April 10, 2013) was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and a Justice of the Colorado Supreme Court.
Henry Terrell (1856-9 September 1944) was the Conservative Party member of Parliament for Gloucester from 15 January 1910 to 14 December 1918. He replaced Russell Rea of the Liberal Party and was succeeded by James Bruton.
The Egna Spring Trophy, formerly the Gardena Spring Trophy (through 2016), is an annual international figure skating competition. It is held every spring in Val Gardena in Italy. Medals are awarded in men's and ladies' singles and sometimes in other disciplines. Since its inception in 1990, the event has included a junior-level competition. Advanced novice categories were added in 2006 and senior categories in 2011. An ice dance competition, the Egna Dance Trophy, was first held in February 2018.
Pornography in the Middle East has been somewhat minimally documented and researched by scholars. 
Though broadcast of and internet access to pornography is restricted or banned in many countries in the region, widespread access to pornography is available via satellite dishes.In Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and almost all other countries in the Middle East, pornography is illegal. However, due to widespread Internet access (in particular, downloading programs) and the existence of a large-scale black market in Western films, a law was passed in mid-2007 by parliament but still required approval of the Guardian Council, producers of pornographic films face execution if found guilty.Pornography is readily available for users in a handful of Middle Eastern nations, such as Turkey, Azerbaijan, Lebanon and Israel; and the production of pornography is also legal within Turkey, Azerbaijan and Israel.In September 2011, a Lebanese-Syrian gang involved in promoting pornographic movies was arrested by the Lebanese general security forces, according to Lebanon's National News Agency.  The group sold the films on DVDs to minors in various regions in Lebanon.
Robert Colin Stigwood (16 April 1934 – 4 January 2016) was an Australian-born British-resident music entrepreneur, film producer and impresario, best known for managing Cream and the Bee Gees, theatrical productions like Hair and Jesus Christ Superstar, and film productions including the successful Grease and Saturday Night Fever.  On his death, one obituary judged that he had been for a time the most powerful tycoon in the entertainment industry: "Stigwood owned the record label that issued his artists’ albums and film soundtracks, and he also controlled publishing rights – not since Hollywood's golden days had so much power and wealth been concentrated in the hands of one mogul."
Carsten Staur (born 9 November 1954) is the Permanent Representative of Denmark to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and the Permanent Delegate to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in Paris. Prior to this he was Denmark's Permanent Representative to the United Nations in Geneva (2013-2018), and before that Permanent Representative to the United Nations in New York (2007-2013).
Ambassador Staur has chaired UNHCR's Executive Committee (2015-2016), the drafting Committee of the 32nd International Red Cross and Red Crescent Conference (2015), and the Board of UNDP, UNFPA, and UNOPS (2007-2008). He also served as Vice-Chair of the Council of the International Organization for Migration (IOM) from 2016 to 2018; and was a Member of the Board of the Global Fund against Aids, Tuberculosis and Malaria (GFATM) from 2005 to 2007 and again from 2016 to 2018.
Carsten Staur has an extensive background in development cooperation. He was State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 2001 to 2007 with responsibility for the implementation of Denmark's development assistance programme (Danida). As State Secretary, he was also in charge of Denmark's cooperation with the United Nations system and the World Bank.
From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Staur served as Denmark's Ambassador to Israel. He then became Under Secretary for Administrative Affairs (1998-2000) and later Under Secretary for Bilateral Development Cooperation (2000-2001).
Carsten Staur joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark in 1981. He holds a MA degree (History and Literature) from the University of Copenhagen.
Mr. Staur has published the books: “Shared Responsibility. The United Nations in the Age of Globalization”, McGill-Queens's University Press, 2013; and “Skilleveje. Dansk udenrigspolitik i 250 år”, Gads Forlag, 2020 (in Danish).
Paralacydes is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae from the Afrotropics.
Get a Horse! is a 2013 American animated comedy short film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and directed by Lauren MacMullan. Combining black-and-white hand-drawn animation and color computer animation, the short features the characters of the late 1920s Mickey Mouse cartoons. 
The film features archival recordings of Walt Disney in his posthumous role as Mickey Mouse. ("Goodbye, goodbye, little feller!" is an uncredited  line by Jimmy MacDonald sourced from an archival recording.) Disney's voice is also heard as Minnie Mouse in one  instance (crying out "Help! Help! Help!"), though he is uncredited in that role. 
It is the first original Mickey Mouse theatrical animated short since Runaway Brain (1995), and the first appearance of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit in a Disney animated production in 75 years.
Joaquim Gomes de Souza "Souzinha" (15 February 1829, in Itapecuru Mirim – 1 June 1864, in London) was a Brazilian mathematician who worked on numerical analysis and differential equations. He was a pioneer on the study of mathematics in Brazil, and was described by José Leite Lopes as "the first great mathematician from Brazil".In 1844, Gomes de Souza enrolled at the Faculdade de Medicina do Rio de Janeiro (now a part of the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro) to study medicine. He had a deep love for the natural sciences, which led him to also be interested in mathematics, and so he started to learn mathematics as a self-taught in parallel with his studies of medicine.In 1848, he obtained his doctorate in mathematics from the Escola Real Militar, with the thesis Dissertação Sobre o Modo de Indagar novos Astros sem o Auxílio das Observações Directas (Dissertation about the means of investigating new celestial objects without the aid of direct observations).
He later went to the Sorbonne, in France, where he continued his mathematical studies. He was a personal friend of Cauchy, of whose classes he attended (in one of them, Souza spotted a mathematical mistake by Cauchy, he then asked his license and corrected it on the blackboard). In 1856, he obtained a doctorate in medicine from Paris Faculty of Medicine. In the same year, he presented his mathematical works at the Académie des sciences.Souza held a paid public post in Brazil, and after much time in Europe, he was noticed he should return immediately to Brazil because he had been elected a member of the parliament. Souza had already married Rosa Edith in England and then had to return to Brazil without her.In his book Mélanges de calcul intégral (1882), Souza aimed to obtain a general method to solve PDEs, according to Manfredo do Carmo: "[in his book] He [Souza] employed methods not entirely rigorous and it is not clear exactly how much of his work would remain if submitted to a careful scrutiny; as far as I know, it was never put to such a test."He died at the age of 35, in London. The cause of death was a disease of the lung. C. S. Fernandez and C. M. Souza described his endeavorer in Europe: "He was audacious and fought with insistence for his scientific recognition in Europe. His effort was fruitless, though."
Soldiers' Memorial Tower is a historic war memorial located at Brockport in Monroe County, New York. It was built in 1894 and is a commemorative monument to memorialize the town of Sweden's Civil War dead and marked the location of a small plot of land set aside for the free interment of local veterans.  At one point, the grounds held the remains of more than twenty individuals, though precise records were not kept; all but a few have since been moved to other locations.The round tower originally stood 52 feet (16 m) tall—though about a quarter of that height has been lost to erosion and damage over time—and is a Medina sandstone structure in the Late Gothic Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994, by which time it was already in significant disrepair. (listing #94000332 - 8 Apr 1994)  The listing has been the only lasting result of the effort—begun around 1960—to restore the monument, though the event did not serve as the catalyst that supporters had hoped.Soon after in 1995, the Army Reserve Officers Training Corps (ROTC) department at nearby SUNY Brockport began an educational/community service program to raise awareness of the Tower among ROTC students.  Led by (then) Captain John McClellan, students received one (1) additional credit hour when enrolled in the basic military science curriculum by participating in several hours of community service related to the Tower. The objective of the program was to research the names on the Tower, highlight their service records in the 140th New York Infantry Regiment in the American Civil War, and to hopefully connect with living descendants of these individuals as an eventual fundraising strategy. As these students already studied the Battle of Gettysburg as part of their leadership and military history curriculum, the text "Sons of Old Monroe - A Regimental History of Patrick O'Rorke's140th New York Volunteer Infantry" by Brian Bennett, was used in this program. The program was discontinued sometime after 1997. 
Fundraising to help restore, or at least stabilize, the structure continued to be extremely weak.  In December 2012, the trustees of the Brockport Rural Cemetery Association reached an agreement to transfer the monument and its 17 surrounding acres to the Town of Sweden, which intends to build a firehouse on the site.  The Town intends to invest funds to stabilize the structure and make it safer, but it does not have the funds for a full restoration.
Kyoji Horiguchi (Japanese: 堀口 恭司, Horiguchi Kyōji, born October 12, 1990) is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator MMA and Rizin FF in the Bantamweight division. He is the current Rizin Bantamweight champion in his second reign. He is the former bantamweight champion in both organizations. As of December 7, 2021, he is #7 in the Bellator Bantamweight Rankings.A professional competitor since 2010, Horiguchi formerly competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship and is the former Shooto Bantamweight Champion. He graduated from Sakushin Gakuin High School in Utsunomiya, Tochigi, Japan.
St George's Church, Edworth, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Edworth, Bedfordshire, England.  It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.  Edworth is about 3 miles (5 km) southeast of Biggleswade, to the east of the A1 road.
State Trunk Highway 38 (often called Highway 38, STH-38 or WIS 38) is a 25.33-mile (40.76 km) state highway in Racine and Milwaukee counties in the US state of Wisconsin that is a north–south route from downtown Racine in the south to downtown Milwaukee in the north.
Haskel LaVon Stanback (born March 19, 1952) is a former professional American football player who played running back for seven seasons for  the Atlanta Falcons. He was selected in the fifth round of the 1974 NFL Draft by the Cincinnati Bengals after attending the University of Tennessee. After his football career, he began work with Norfolk Southern Corporation, and is Superintendent of its Virginia Division in Roanoke.
The Town of Superior is a town in Douglas County, Wisconsin, United States.  The population was 2,058 at the 2000 census.  The Village of Superior is located within the town.  The City of Superior is located immediately north and adjacent to both the Town of Superior and the Village of Superior.
Tom Bukovac (born December 20, 1968) is an American guitarist, producer and songwriter. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, and raised in nearby Willowick, Ohio, Bukovac picked up his first guitar when he was eight years old. His earliest gigs were played at The Surfside Lounge in Eastlake Ohio, which was owned and run by his widowed mother, Norma.  In 1992, Bukovac made the move to Nashville to pursue a career as a guitarist.
Hubert Leslie Primrose (14 November 1882 – 26 November 1942) was an Australian politician.
The 2000 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Chuck Amato.  NC State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953.  The Wolfpack played its home games in 2000 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966.
Maharkash (Persian: مهاركش, also Romanized as Mahārkash) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 4 families.
Sena (Arabic), sometimes spelled Senna, Sanaw or Sanāw (the latter three names also Arabic),  is an abandoned ancient town in Yemen located in the remote eastern Hadramaut valley. This village is distinct from the capital of Yemen, San'a (Arabic),  and the town of Sanāw in Oman.The town of Sena is frequently mentioned in the history of the Lemba tribe; more recently genetic studies have found signs that they may be descendants of the Israelites.
Phyllis Ocean Berman (born 1942) is the founder of the Riverside Language Program in New York City for adult immigrants and refugees. Opening in 1979, she traveled from her home in West Mount Airy, Philadelphia via Amtrak to the school in New York City so that newly arrived immigrants could receive an intensive English-language education. She was its director until her retirement in 2016. She is a teacher and prayer leader in the Jewish Renewal movement as well as a political activist who writes about and has been arrested for non-violently protesting for immigrant rights.Berman has been actively involved in the Jewish Renewal movement, serving as Director of the Summer Program of the Elat Chayyim Center for Healing and Renewal, co-leading retreats for the Awakened Heart Project and at the Hazon/Isabella Freedman Jewish Retreat Center, and teaching at ALEPH kallot. She was ordained by ALEPH in 2003 and has been recognized for her spiritual activism.She has co-authored books with her husband Rabbi Arthur Waskow including 
Tales of Tikkun: New Jewish Stories to Heal the Wounded World, A Time for Every Purpose Under Heaven: The Jewish Life-Spiral As a Spiritual Journey, Freedom Journeys: Tales of Exodus & Wilderness across Millennia, and The Looooong Narrow Pharaoh & the Midwives Who Gave Birth to Freedom. Her articles have been published in magazines and online.
Marchmont House lies on the east side of the small village of Greenlaw, and near to a church in Polwarth in Berwickshire, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland. It is about five miles (8 km) south west of Duns, about 19 miles (31 km) west of Berwick-upon-Tweed and about 40 miles (64 km) south east of Edinburgh. Situated in a gently undulating landscape, the estate is intersected by Blackadder Water, and its tributary burns. With the Lammermuir Hills to the north and views towards the Cheviot Hills in the south, this part of Berwickshire, sometimes referred to as the Merse, is very scenic and contains rich and fertile agricultural land.
Mandan High School is a public high school located in Mandan, North Dakota. It is the only high school within the Mandan Public Schools system, serving grades 9–12. In 2007 the Mandan Public School District renovated the high school. Mandan is the 6th-largest school district in the state of North Dakota. Mandan High School has an 88% graduation rate. Enrollment for the 2009–2010 school year was 1,056 students. The graduating class for the 2009–2010 school year was 229 students. On April 1, 2010, Mandan High School was recognized for maintaining 100 years of continuous accreditation from the North Central Association Commission on Accreditation and School Improvement (NCA CASI).The school district, and therefore the high school, serves Mandan and Harmon. It takes high school students from the Sweet Briar School District.
Qaleh Bardi (Persian: قلعه بردي, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Bardī) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 7 families.
The Bleriot-SPAD S.33 was a small French airliner developed soon after World War I.  The aircraft was a biplane of conventional configuration whose design owed much to the Blériot company's contemporary fighter designs such as the S.20.  Four passengers could be accommodated in an enclosed cabin within the monocoque fuselage, and a fifth passenger could ride in the open cockpit beside the pilot. A great success, the S.33 dominated its field throughout the 1920s, initially on CMA's Paris-London route, and later on continental routes serviced by Franco-Roumaine.
One interesting development was a sole example converted by CIDNA to act as a blind-flying trainer. A set of controls was installed inside the passenger cabin, the windows of which had been blacked out.
Sir Lyttleton Holyoake Bayley (6 May 1827 – 4 August 1910), was an English lawyer who served as Attorney-General of New South Wales, Acting Chief Justice at the Bombay High Court and Advocate-General of Bombay. He was also an amateur cricketer who played in 16 first-class cricket matches.
Bayley was the  second son of Sir John Edward George Bayley, 2nd Baronet (1793–1871), and brother of Sir John Robert Laurie Emilius Bayley, 3rd Baronet. He was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge. Bayley captained the 1844 cricket team at Eton and played first-class cricket from 1846 to 1848. He played eight matches for Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), of whom his father was president in 1844, and four times for Kent County Cricket Club and the Gentlemen of Kent.Bayley was called to the bar at the Middle Temple in May 1850, and married, in May 1852, Isabella, daughter of Anthony Mactier, of Durris House, Kincardineshire, who died in April 1860. He emigrated to Australia, arriving in late 1858, and was appointed to the New South Wales Legislative Council on 19 Jan 1859 and Attorney-General Wales in the second Charles Cowper Government from 21 February 1859.  His appointment gave great offence to the legal fraternity, as he had been but a short time in the colony; and Daniel Deniehy moved a resolution censuring his nomination. It was not, however, carried. Bayley resigned from the Legislative Council on 28 April 1859 to stand for the newly created electoral district of Mudgee in the Legislative Assembly, winning with 69% of the votes. He resigned from the Legislative Assembly on 26 November 1859, and moved to Melbourne before returning to England.In 1866 Bayley was appointed Advocate-General at Bombay, India, and Puisne Judge in 1869. When Charles Farran, junior to him, was posted Chief Justice, he resigned in 1895. Bayley briefly acted as aide-de-camp to the Viceroy of India.Bayley died on 4 August 1910 at Parkstone, Dorset, England.
Koltai is a Hungarian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Victoria Shelia (Georgian: ვიქტორია შელია; born 10 March 2000) is a Georgian rhythmic gymnast.
Typhoon Treasure is a 1938 Australian adventure film directed by Noel Monkman and starring Campbell Copelin, Gwen Munro, and Joe Valli. It is set in New Guinea although shot on the Great Barrier Reef and the Queensland coast. It was Monkman's first dramatic feature film after several years making documentaries.
Nagpur West Vidhan Sabha constituency is one of the seats in Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in India.. It is one of the six vidhan sabha segments of  Nagpur Lok Sabha seat.
The Patriot and the Spy is a 1915 American silent drama film, directed by Jack Harvey. It stars James Cruze, Marguerite Snow, and Alphonse Ethier.
Zuidbarge is a village in the Netherlands and it is part of the Emmen municipality in Drenthe. Zuidbarge has an altitude of 18 meters (62 feet). The windmill Zeldenrust has been restored and is open to the public.
Love Comes Lately (German: Bis später, Max!) is a 2007 film written for the screen and directed by Jan Schütte. The film is based on the short stories of Isaac Bashevis Singer.
The Autonomous Trade Unions Centre is a trade union centre in Benin. It has a membership of 20,000 and is affiliated with the International Trade Union Confederation. It also works with the National Union of the Unions of the Workers of Benin.
"Love Done Gone" is a song co-written by Shawn Camp and Marv Green and recorded by American country music artist Billy Currington. It was released in April 2011 as the third single from Currington’s 2010 album Enjoy Yourself and the twelfth of his career.
The song peaked at number 11 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 58 on the Billboard Hot 100. It also charted at number 83 on the Canadian Hot 100. The song has even received positive reviews from music critics.
Onyekachi Eze Silas (born 10 June 1996) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward for U.D. Vilafranquense in LigaPro.
The 2016–17 Svenska Cupen was the 61st season of Svenska Cupen and the fifth season with the current format. The winners of the competition will earn a place in the second qualifying round of the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League, unless they have already qualified for European competition in the 2017–18 season, in which case the qualification spot will go to fourth-placed team of the 2016 Allsvenskan.A total of 96 clubs will enter the competition.The first two rounds were scheduled to be played before 3 August and 24 August 2016 respectively. The first round draw was announced on 21 April 2016, and the draw for the second round was announced on 7 July 2016.The group stage will be played on the last two weekends in February 2017, and the last group stage round will be played on 5 and 6 March 2017. The following quarter-finals and semi-finals are scheduled to be played on the weekend of 12 March and 19 March 2017 respectively, before the tournament ends with the final on 13 or 14 April 2017.
Natalia Maria Przybysz (born 1 September 1983 in Warsaw), also known as Natu or N'Talia, is a Polish rhythm and blues singer. She is a member of the Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry (Związek Producentów Audio Video, ZPAV).Natalia Przybysz was one of the founding members of the popular Polish music group Sistars, together with her sister Paulina, from 2001 to 2006, briefly in 2011, and from 2012 to 2013. Since 2008, she has performed solo as Natu and recorded three studio albums. In 2013, after the final disbandment of Sistars, Natalia and Paulina Przybysz started a musical project called Archeo Sisters.
Cyber defamation refers to libel or slander that is expressed online, typically via a publicly accessible website. Cyber defamation often falls under the scope of existing libel and slander laws in most jurisdictions and is typically treated as a tort as opposed to a crime.
Mike Gillian is an American basketball coach, and formerly served as the head men's basketball coach at Longwood University from 2003 to 2013. Resigning from Longwood on March 14, 2013, he had guided the team in their transition to NCAA Division I play, and into their first season as members of the Big South Conference. Prior to his time at Longwood, he was an assistant coach for seven years under Jim Larrañaga at Bowling Green and George Mason.On November 7, 2013, Gillian was announced as an assistant coach at Florida International University. Gillian was not retained after FIU hired Jeremy Ballard as head coach in April 2018. As of the 2018-19 season, he is providing color commentary for broadcasts on ESPN platforms.
The Atlantic Paranormal Society (TAPS) is an organization that investigates reported paranormal activity. Based in Warwick, Rhode Island, TAPS was founded in 1990 by Jason Hawes and Grant Wilson. In 2004, the organization itself became the subject of Ghost Hunters, a popular weekly American paranormal reality television series on the Syfy channel. The show ran for eleven seasons on Syfy in the US. The show aired in the UK nine months after the US premier on Living It.
Mexico, officially the United Mexican States, is a country in the southern portion of North America. It is bordered to the north by the United States; to the south and west by the Pacific Ocean; to the southeast by Guatemala, Belize, and the Caribbean Sea; and to the east by the Gulf of Mexico. Mexico covers 1,972,550 square kilometers (761,610 sq mi), making it the world's 13th-largest country by area; with approximately 126,014,024 inhabitants, it is the 10th-most-populous country and has the most Spanish-speakers. Mexico is organized as a federation comprising 31 states and Mexico City, its capital and largest metropolis. Other major urban areas include Guadalajara, Monterrey, Puebla, Toluca, Tijuana, Ciudad Juárez, and León.Pre-Columbian Mexico traces its origins to 8,000 BC and is identified as one of the six cradles of civilization; it was home to many advanced Mesoamerican civilizations, most notably the Maya and the Aztecs. In 1521, the Spanish Empire conquered and colonized the region from its base in Mexico City, establishing the colony of New Spain. The Catholic Church played an important role in spreading Christianity and the Spanish language, while also preserving some indigenous elements. Native populations were subjugated and heavily exploited to mine rich deposits of precious metals, which contributed to Spain's status as a major world power for the next three centuries, and to a massive influx of wealth and a price revolution in Western Europe. Over time, a distinct Mexican identity formed, based on a fusion of European and indigenous customs; this contributed to the successful Mexican War of Independence against Spain in 1821.Mexico's early history as a nation state was marked by political and socioeconomic upheaval. The Texas Revolution and the Mexican–American War in the mid 19th century led to huge territorial losses to the United States. Liberal reforms were enshrined in the Constitution of 1857, which sought to integrate indigenous communities and curtail the power of the church and the military. This triggered an internal war of Reform and intervention by France, in which conservatives installed Maximilian Habsburg as emperor against the Republican resistance led by Benito Juárez. The last decades of the 19th century were marked by the dictatorship of Porfirio Díaz, who sought to modernize Mexico and restore order. The Porfiriato era ended in 1910 with the decade-long Mexican civil war, which killed approximately 10% of the population and after which the victorious Constitutionalist faction drafted a new 1917 Constitution, which remains in effect to this day. The revolutionary generals ruled as a succession of presidents until the assassination of Alvaro Obregón in 1928. This led to the formation of the Institutional Revolutionary Party the following year, which governed Mexico until 2000.Mexico is a developing country, ranking 74th on the Human Development Index, but has the world's 15th-largest economy by nominal GDP and the 11th-largest by PPP, with the United States being its largest economic partner. Its large economy and population, global cultural influence, and steady democratization make Mexico a regional and middle power; it is often identified as an emerging power but is considered a newly industrialized state by several analysts. However, the country continues to struggle with social inequality, poverty and extensive crime; it ranks poorly on the Global Peace Index, due in large part to ongoing conflict between the government and drug trafficking syndicates that led to over 120,000 deaths since 2006.Mexico ranks first in the Americas and seventh in the world for the number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites. It is also one of the world's 17 megadiverse countries, ranking fifth in natural biodiversity. Mexico's rich cultural and biological heritage, as well as varied climate and geography, makes it a major tourist destination: as of 2018, it was the sixth most-visited country in the world, with 39 million international arrivals. Mexico is a member of United Nations, the G20, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum, the Organization of American States, Community of Latin American and Caribbean States, and the Organization of Ibero-American States.
Formerly known as the  Scientific Research Institute of Nutrition of the Russian Academy of Medical Sciences, the Institute of Nutrition is a Federal Russian state-owned budgetary entity.  It is currently located in Moscow, Russia.
Andrew Steward (born 10 December 1954) is an Australian former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Cambodian vehicle license plates are the license plates attached to most motorized road vehicles in Cambodia, which are required by law. Cambodian license plates display the name of the province where the vehicle was registered. The owner must register the car in the province they live; this can be a different province from where the owner has his official residence (as shown in the housing register). If the title to the car is transferred to someone else, and the new owner lives in a different province, the number usually changes.
The Five Civilized Tribes Museum in Muskogee, Oklahoma, showcases the art, history and culture of the so-called "Five Civilized Tribes": the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Muscogee (Creek), and Seminole tribes. Housed in the historic Union Indian Agency building, the museum  opened in 1966.The museum holds an extensive collection of Native American art of the Five Civilized Tribes, including a large collection of originals by Jerome Tiger (Muscogee/Seminole, 1941–1967).
Hugo Emil Vogel (August 29, 1888 - October 25, 1974) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Sophia Bracy Harris co-founded the Federation of Child Care Centers of Alabama (FOCAL). She was awarded the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur "Genius" Award in 1991, the Rockefeller Public Service Award, and Gleitsman Foundation "People who Make a Difference". She was among the first Black students to attend Wetumpka High School under a Freedom of Choice plan.
I Wanna Have Some Fun is the third studio album by English singer Samantha Fox. It was released in November 1988 by Jive Records. The album features production from previous collaborators Full Force, Stock Aitken Waterman, Steve Power and Steve Lovell, as well as new collaborators, such as Rob and Ferdi Bolland, Kevin Saunderson, Fred Zarr and Chris Tsangarides.
Saba Andreyevich Sazonov (Russian: Саба Андреевич Сазонов; born 1 February 2002) is a Russian football player of Georgian descent who plays as a centre back for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Illowa is a small town located in the Western District, in Victoria, Australia. In the 2016 census, Illowa had a population of 304.
The Marshall Islands consist of two archipelagic island chains of 30 atolls and 1,152 islands, which form two parallel groups—the "Ratak" (sunrise) chain and the "Ralik" (sunset) chain. The Marshalls are located in the North Pacific Ocean and share maritime boundaries with Micronesia and Kiribati. Two-thirds of the nation's population lives in the capital of Majuro and the settlement of Ebeye. The outer islands are sparsely populated due to lack of employment opportunities and economic development.
Ganodonta (so named from the presence of bands of enamel on the teeth) were a group of specialized North American Lower and Middle Eocene mammals of uncertain affinity. The group includes Hemiganus, Psittacotherium and Conoryctes from the Puerco, Calamodon and Hemiganus from the Wasatch, and Slylinodon from the Bridger Eocene. With the exception of Conorycles, in which it is longer, the skull is short and suggests affinity to the sloths, as does what little is known of the limb bones. 
The dentition, too, is of a type which might well be considered ancestral to that of the Edentata. For instance, the molars when first developed have tritubercular summits, but these soon become worn away, leaving tall columnar crowns, with a subcircular surface of dentine exposed at the summit of each. Moreover, while the earlier types have a comparatively full series of teeth, all of which are rooted and invested with enamel, in the later forms the incisors are lost, and the cheek-teeth never develop roots but grow continuously throughout life. 
These and other features induced Dr Jacob Lawson Wortman (1856–1926) to regard the Ganodonta as an ancestral suborder of Edentata; but this view is not accepted by Prof. W. B. Scott. Teeth provisionally assigned to Calamodon have been obtained from the Lower Tertiary deposits of Switzerland.
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Ganodonta". Encyclopædia Britannica (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press.
Llanfihangel Ysgeifiog (occasionally spelt Llanfihangel Esgeifiog or Llanfihangelesgeifiog) is a community (civil parish) and former ecclesiastical parish in Anglesey, Wales, east of Llangefni.
Masao (written: 正雄, 正夫, 正生, 正男, 正郎, 雅雄, 雅央, 雅夫, 雅勇, 雅男, 昌雄, 昌夫, 昌男, 昌朗, 昌郎, 昌大, 政雄, 政夫, 政男, 政於, 征夫, 優夫, 聖雄, 利生, 将雄, 将夫 or 眞男) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
Masao Adachi (足立 正生, born 1939), Japanese screenwriter and film director
Masao Inoue (actor) (井上 正夫, 1881–1950), Japanese actor and film director
Masao Iwasato (岩里 政男, born 1923), former President of the Republic of China (Taiwan)
Masao Maruyama (film producer) (丸山 正雄, born 1941), Japanese animator and film producer
Masao Maruyama (scholar) (丸山 眞男, 1914–1996), Japanese political scientist and historian
Masao Sasakibara (佐々木原 正夫, 1921–2005), Japanese World War II flying ace
Masao Urino (売野 雅勇, born 1951), Japanese lyricist, screenwriter and film director
Datuk Seri Saifuddin Nasution bin Ismail (Jawi: سيف الدين ناسوتيون بن اسماعيل; born 7 December 1963) is a Malaysian politician who served as the Minister of Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs in the Pakatan Harapan (PH) administration under former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad from July 2018 to the collapse of the PH administration in February 2020. He has served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Kulim-Bandar Baharu since May 2018 and Machang from March 2008 to May 2013 as well as Member of the Penang State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Pantai Jerejak since May 2018 and MLA of Kedah for Lunas from November 2000 to March 2004. He is a member and Secretary-General of both the People's Justice Party (PKR) and its coalition PH which is an opposition coalition now.
Acrolophus chonactis is a moth of the family Acrolophidae. It is found in Brazil.
Cold Feet is a British television pilot directed by Declan Lowney. It stars James Nesbitt and Helen Baxendale as Adam and Rachel, a couple who meet and fall in love, only for the relationship to break down when he gets cold feet. John Thomson, Fay Ripley, Hermione Norris and Robert Bathurst appear in supporting roles. The programme was written by Mike Bullen, a BBC radio producer with little screenwriting experience, who was tasked with creating a one-off television production that would appeal to middle-class television audiences, who the executive producer Andy Harries believed were underepresented on British television.
After filming was completed in 1996 the commissioning network ITV shelved it for a year. It was eventually scheduled for broadcast on the evening of 30 March 1997, as part of the network's Comedy Premieres strand, but overrunning sports coverage delayed it for an hour. Ratings were low and critical reviews were minimal, but positive; critics enjoyed the comedy drama format and praised the writing and performances of the leads. Harries entered Cold Feet in the Montreux Television Festival, where it was awarded the Rose d'Or, the festival's top prize, resulting in ITV quickly scheduling a repeat broadcast. At the end of the year it won the award for Best Comedy Drama (ITV) at the British Comedy Awards and the incoming director of channels ordered a full series, which ran for five successful years from 1998 to 2003 followed by a revived series from 2016 to 2020.
Hana Malhas is a Jordanian singer-songwriter and musician. In 2013, Malhas launched a monthly concert series called "Bala Feesh" (Arabic for "unplugged") inviting alternative Arab musicians to perform. Malhas released her first EP Shapeshift in 2010, and her second EP 'Hana Malhas & the Overthinkers' in 2012, both consisting of songs in the English language. Her track Nasi, an Arabic single she released as part of her first full-length album of the same name in 2018, was featured in Universal Records’ MENA compilation "Now: Best of Indie Arabia Volume II."
Presidential elections were held in Chad on 25 April 2011, after being postponed from 3 April.
Aleksey Vladimirovich Tarnovitski (born 20 February 1955), better known as Aleks Tarn, is a journalist and author who was born in the Russian Far East, Primorsky Krai. He grew up, studied and worked in Leningrad. Since 1989 he has lived in Beit Aryeh-Ofarim.
Adnan Jashari (born November 29, 1965). Minister of Justice, Associate Professor in Law, member of the Democratic Union for Integration (DUI), the party of the Albanian ethnic community in Macedonia.
The 2002 Trophée Lalique was the fourth event of six in the 2002–03 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating, a senior-level international invitational competition series. It was held at the Palais Omnisports Paris Bercy in Paris on November 14–17. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Skaters earned points toward qualifying for the 2002–03 Grand Prix Final. The compulsory dance was the Austrian Waltz.
The competition was named after the Lalique company, which was its chief sponsor at the time.
Hendrik Figee (Haarlem, May 28, 1838 – Haarlem, December 3, 1907) was a Dutch businessman and entrepreneur credited with expanding the Haarlem factory Figee Crane Company into an international manufacturer of cranes.
I Love the Life I Live was a jazz and blues album by the American musician Mose Allison, released in 1960.
Allison became notable for playing a unique mix of blues and modern jazz, both singing and playing piano. After moving to New York in 1956, he worked primarily in jazz settings, playing with jazz musicians like Stan Getz, Al Cohn, and Zoot Sims, along with producing numerous recordings.
Štrbské Pleso railway station (Slovak: Železničná stanica Štrbské Pleso) is a junction station in the High Tatras. It serves the settlement of Štrbské Pleso, which is part of the village of Štrba, in the Prešov Region, northeastern Slovakia.
Opened in 1970, the station is the northwestern terminus of the main line operated by the metre gauge Tatra Electric Railway (TEŽ), and the mountain terminus of the Štrbské Pleso – Štrba rack railway, another metre gauge line. The station is also the highest point of both lines, and of the TEŽ as a whole, at 1,350 metres (4,430 ft) above sea level.
The station is currently owned by Železnice Slovenskej republiky (ŽSR); train services are operated by Železničná spoločnosť Slovensko (ZSSK).
Starting Over is the fourth studio album by American musician Chris Stapleton. The album was released on November 13, 2020, by Mercury Nashville.
Starting Over received generally positive reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from critics, the album received an average score of 81, which indicates "universal acclaim", based on 10 reviews.
Vessel Monitoring Systems (VMS) is a general term to describe systems that are used in commercial fishing to allow environmental and fisheries regulatory organizations to track and monitor the activities of fishing vessels. They are a key part of monitoring control and surveillance (MCS) programs at national and international levels. VMS may be used to monitor vessels in the territorial waters of a country or a subdivision of a country, or in the Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZ) that extend 200 nautical miles (370.4 km) from the coasts of many countries. VMS systems are used to improve the management and sustainability of the marine environment, through ensuring proper fishing practices and the prevention of illegal fishing, and thus protect and enhance the livelihoods of fishermen.
The exact functionality of a VMS system and the associated equipment varies with the requirements of the nation of the vessel's registry, and the regional or national water in which the vessel is operating. Within regional and national VMS initiatives there are also sub-divisions which apply different functionality to different vessel categories. Categories may be size or type of vessel or activity. For example: 
Local/regional fish such as scallops in the Northeast U.S., anchovies in Peruvian waters, or rock shrimp in the Gulf of Mexico
Highly migratory species (HMS) such as tuna and billfish, or Patagonian toothfish (Dissostichus eleginoides) in the Antarctic. which can be caught in multiple regionsIn this discussion, VMS relates specifically to fisheries management systems. VMS describes the specific application of monitoring commercial fishing boats. It is not to be confused with VTS which is describes the specific application of monitoring marine traffic primarily for safety and efficiency in ports and busy waterways. It is also not to be confused with specific communication technologies such as AIS, Iridium, Inmarsat, Argos, GPRS which relate to the communication method on which data is transmitted. Different VMS systems will use different communication technologies depending on the functionality requirements imposed by a national or regional VMS initiative.
The cost of VMS components will vary according to the functionality requirements of the specific system being implemented. In general the higher the functionality the more expensive the equipment and required data link (airtime costs). The cost of a VMS system therefore varies and thus the level of government subsidy (if any) varies according to national and regional requirements. EU and US VMS systems require expensive onboard equipment and large amounts of data to be transmitted over satellite link resulting in high airtime charges, but also provide a very high level of functionality. In other regions where per vessel cost and huge fleet sizes are an issue, communication technologies such as AIS are used which significantly reduce equipment and airtime costs whilst delivering acceptable basic VMS system functionality.
The Computer University, Myitkyina is situated in No. 21/23 between ZawJun and Taryoe street in the Shansu (south) quarter, in Myitkyina, capital city of Kachin State in Myanmar. On 20 January 2007, GCC (Myitkyina) was promoted to the Computer University (Myitkyina).
Acacia applanata, also known as golden grass wattle or grass wattle, is a grasslike shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and subgenus Alatae. It is native to the south west of Western Australia.
The suffix –ol is used in organic chemistry principally to form names of organic compounds containing the hydroxyl (–OH) group, mainly alcohols (also phenol). The suffix was extracted from the word alcohol.
The suffix also appears in some trivial names with reference to oils (from Latin oleum, oil). Examples of this sense of the suffix include phenol, eugenol, urushiol, and menthol.
Monchio delle Corti (Parmigiano: Monc') is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Parma in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of Bologna and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southwest of Parma, including part of the Appennino Parmense. The Monte Sillara, at 1,861 metres (6,106 ft), is the highest peak in the province.
Sights include the medieval church of Sts. Lawrence and Michael, reconsecrated in 1536.
PeoplesBank is the largest community bank in Western Massachusetts, providing banking and other financial services.  As of 2020 it had $3.3 billion in assets.
Schroeder is an unincorporated community in Schroeder Township, Cook County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located on the North Shore of Lake Superior.  The Cross River flows through the center, or middle of Schroeder.
Schroeder is located 30 miles southwest of the city of Grand Marais; and 53 miles northeast of the city of Two Harbors.
Minnesota Highway 61 serves as a main route in the community.
Temperance River State Park and the Superior Hiking Trail are both nearby.
Madison Township is one of sixteen townships in Hancock County, Iowa, USA. At the 2000 census, its population was 775.
This is a list of airports in French Polynesia, sorted by location.
French Polynesia (French: Polynésie française) is an overseas territory (territoire d'outre-mer or TOM) of France with the particular designation of overseas country (pays d'outre-mer or POM) in the southern Pacific Ocean. It is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands, the most famous island being Tahiti in the Society Islands group, which is also the most populous island, and the seat of the capital of the territory (Papeete).
Planet X Television is a TV show, with a focus on action and extreme sports; launched in early 1995 on Prime Sports (now known as FSN / Fox Sports Net); the same summer as ESPN's X Games (then known as the Extreme Games). 
Planet X covers international action, alternative, adventure and extreme sports events, such as: surf, skate, snowboarding, BMX, wakeboarding, off-road, jetski, rock climbing, snowmobiling, skydiving, base jumping, etc.
Planet X is syndicated in the United States and abroad through broadcast, cable, and satellite outlets and through its own broadband unit - XIMA TV (XIMA is an acronym for the Extreme Independent Media Alliance).
Its parent company, Planet One Ventures maintains various other reality TV properties in the health and fitness categories.
In Summer, 2008 Planet X launched a cable TV channel that features youth action sports and music topics as well as its new national TV series - "Planet X @ WaveHouse" (from the WaveHouse facility in San Diego's Belmont Park).Founded by D.P. Durban and M.D. Winter
Greasy Truckers Party is a 1972 live album by various artists recorded at a February 1972 Greasy Truckers concert at the Roundhouse in London. The concert featured three bands, Man, Brinsley Schwarz, and Hawkwind, and musician Magic Michael. Originally a double vinyl album, in a limited edition of 20,000 and sold at just £1.50, it rapidly sold out, and became a collector's item.
In the world of British underground rock, the Greasy Truckers Party ... ... looms about as large as the Monterey International Pop Festival does in American rock lore; it wasn't the biggest gig ever played by the bands involved, but for reasons of exposure, and resulting word-of-mouth, and the excerpted live album that followed, it came to define what they were capable of.
Greasy Truckers (their name being a parody of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company) were "a loose organisation of individuals whose ideals were based on those of the Diggers in San Francisco, recycling money into worthwhile causes." This album was the first of two albums recorded at concerts in London organised by Greasy Truckers, the second being Greasy Truckers Live at Dingwalls Dance Hall (1974). All proceeds from the concert and LP sales went to Greasy Truckers' project to build a hostel in Notting Hill Gate.The concert was due to run from 3 p.m. until midnight and include performances by Byzantium and others, but wage disputes between the unions and the government had led to frequent power cuts, one of which occurred in the early evening, giving an unusual album track "Power cut". 
The fire brigade asked the audience to leave, but when power was resumed, and the audience re-admitted, hundreds more people came in. In defiance of the Fire Brigade, many people stayed inside, temporary lighting was set up, and the audience was entertained by eccentric folk band Skinner's Rats who did not require amplification. They started with the opening of Richard Strauss's "Also Sprach Zarathustra" before breaking into a medley of reels and being joined on stage by a troop of Morris dancers - the Blackheath Foot and Death Men.
The power cut had affected Hawkwind's synthesisers, which were very temperamental, leading to their apologies, and having to restart their act after a breakdown.
Asahi (朝日村, Asahi-mura) was a village located in Higashitagawa District, Yamagata Prefecture, Japan. The village was not related to the town of Asahi in the same prefecture or the adjacent Asahi in Niigata Prefecture.
On October 1, 2005, Asahi, along with the towns of Fujishima, Haguro and Kushibiki (all from Higashitagawa District), and the town of Atsumi (from Nishitagawa District), was merged into the expanded city of Tsuruoka, and no longer exists as an independent municipality.
Asahi literally means "morning sun". The village is named after Asahi Mountains, which shine bright in the morning light.
The village was established in 1954 by the merger of the villages of Oizumi, Hongo and Azuma.
Martin Reynders is a retired Dutch association football forward who played professionally in the Netherlands, Finland and the United States.
The Cenischia (Italian pronunciation: [tʃeniskja]; French: Cenise, French pronunciation: ​[səniz]) is a mountain torrent which straddles the south-west French department of Savoie and the north-west Italian Metropolitan City of Turin, in Piedmont. Part of the Po basin, it is a left tributary of the Dora Riparia and forms the valley called the Val Cenischia which marks the boundary between the Graian Alps to the north and the Cottian Alps to the south.
The sources are in France near the Col du Mont Cenis (Italian: Colle del Moncenisio). Before crossing into Italy, the river is dammed to form the Lac du Montcenis which receives the water of a number of other torrents and is employed as a source of hydropower.
The Cenischia flows out of the reservoir near La Grande Croix and, having crossed into Italy, passes through the settlements of Moncenisio, Novalesa and Venaus before meeting the Dora Riparia at Susa.
USS Susanne (SP-411) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.
Susanne was built as a private motorboat of the same name in 1916 by the Matthews Boat Company at Port Clinton, Ohio. In May 1917, the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner, T. J. Prindiville of Chicago, Illinois, for use as a section patrol boat during World War I. She was commissioned as USS Susanne (SP-411) on 3 August 1917.
Assigned to the 9th Naval District, Susanne served on patrol duties on the Great Lakes for the remainder of World War I. She was renamed USS SP-411 in 1918.
SP-411 was stricken from the Navy List and sold on 15 November 1919.
Susanne (SP-411) should not be confused with the motorboat Susanne, also constructed by the Matthews Boat Company and inspected for World War I Navy service as USS Susanne (SP-832) but never commissioned, or with the patrol vessel USS Suzanne (SP-510), which was in commission at the same time.
The Schön scandal concerns German physicist Jan Hendrik Schön (born August 1970 in Verden an der Aller, Lower Saxony, Germany) who briefly rose to prominence after a series of apparent breakthroughs with semiconductors that were later discovered to be fraudulent. Before he was exposed, Schön had received the Otto-Klung-Weberbank Prize for Physics and the Braunschweig Prize in 2001, as well as the Outstanding Young Investigator Award of the Materials Research Society in 2002, both of which were later rescinded.The scandal provoked discussion in the scientific community about the degree of responsibility of coauthors and reviewers of scientific articles. The debate centered on whether peer review, traditionally designed to find errors and determine relevance and originality of articles, should also be required to detect deliberate fraud.
Cheryl Lou "Cheri" Bjerkan (born 29 June 1947) is an American bridge player. She has won 14 North American Bridge Championships and one world championship.Bjerkan is from Elmhurst, Illinois. She lives in the Chicago area.Bjerkan won the women's individual championship at the 2013 SportAccord World Mind Games.
WJBK, virtual channel 2 (VHF digital channel 7), is a Fox owned-and-operated television station licensed to Detroit, Michigan, United States. The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of Fox Corporation. WJBK's studios and transmitter are located on West 9 Mile Road in the Detroit suburb of Southfield.WJBK's over-the-air signal covers all of Metro Detroit, along with Southwestern Ontario, Canada, surrounding the city of Windsor. The station is also carried on most cable systems in southeast Michigan, southwestern Ontario and northwest Ohio.
Answers in Genesis (AiG) is an American fundamentalist Christian apologetics parachurch organization. It advocates Young Earth creationism on the basis of its literal, historical-grammatical interpretation of the Book of Genesis and the Bible as a whole. Out of belief in biblical inerrancy, it rejects the results of scientific investigations that contradict their view of the Genesis creation narrative and instead supports pseudoscientific creation science. The organization sees evolution as incompatible with the Bible and believes anything other than the young Earth view is a compromise on the principle of biblical inerrancy.
AiG began as the Creation Science Foundation in 1980, following the merger of two Australian creationist groups. Its name changed to Answers in Genesis in 1994, when Ken Ham founded its United States branch. In 2006, the branches in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and South Africa split from the US and UK to form Creation Ministries International. In 2007, AiG opened the Creation Museum, a facility that promotes young-Earth creationism, and in 2016 the organization opened the Ark Encounter, a Noah's Ark–themed amusement park. AiG also publishes websites, magazines, and journals, and its employees have published books.
Simon McPhee (born 21 July 1969) is an Australian rules football coach, currently serving as the Head of Player Academy and Development at the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He previously served as coach of the Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL), coaching the club to their 2011 premiership win, and had previously served as the head coach of Victorian Football League (VFL) club Sandringham.
Imperial Valley Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in El Centro, California. Opened in 2005, the mall features J. C. Penney, Dillard's, and Macy's as its anchor stores. It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
Smile Again (Korean: 웃어라 동해야; Hanja: 웃어라 東海야; RR: Useora Donghaeya, lit. Smile, Dong-hae) is a 2010 South Korean daily  television drama, starring Ji Chang-wook, Do Ji-won, Oh Ji-eun, Park Jung-ah and Lee Jang-woo. It aired on Korean Broadcasting System's premier channel KBS1 from October 4, 2010 to May 13, 2011 on Mondays to Fridays at 20:25 for 159 episodes.
Émilie Loit was the defending champion, but did not compete this year.
Lucie Šafářová won the title by defeating Li Na 6–7(4–7), 6–4, 6–3 in the final.
Chapman Ranch is an unincorporated community in southeastern Nueces County, Texas, United States, 7 mi (11 km) south of Corpus Christi. It is named for a family who purchased 34,000 acres (13,800 ha) of the King Ranch in 1919.
Polysporella is a genus in the phylum Apicomplexa. Species in this genus infect birds. This genus has been poorly studied and little is known about it.
Hot Chocolate Massage is an album by the folk rock band Tiny Lights, released in 1990 by Absolute A Go Go Records.
Limnanthes floccosa, or woolly meadowfoam, is a species of meadowfoam found in Northern California and Southern Oregon, in the United States. Most of the subspecies have highly restricted distributions and are listed as critical or endangered.Perhaps the most familiar subspecies of woolly meadowfoam is californica, not because it is the one most often seen (it is very inconspicuous), but because this taxon has been the focus of a significant conflict. The subspecies is found only among a dozen or so populations in Butte County, California, and is legally protected as endangered. Conflict has arisen between those who would protect the few remaining populations and those who would rather use its critical habitat for economic activities.Certain subspecies of L. floccosa have been used to improve a meadowfoam cultivar derived from Limnanthes alba. The crop is grown for its seed oil, which contains long chain fatty acids (greater than 20 carbons), has high oxidative stability, does not have any odor and is highly emollient. The oil is currently used in cosmetics manufacturing. Limnanthes is cultivated in the Willamette Valley of Oregon and elsewhere.
Big Brother Brasil 2 was the second season of Big Brother Brasil which premiered May 14, 2002 on Rede Globo.
The show was produced by Endemol Globo and presented by Pedro Bial. The season was officially confirmed since 2001 as part of the original contract between international Endemol and Rede Globo that provided seasons until 2008.
The grand prize was R$500.000 without tax allowances, with a R$50.000 prize offered to the runner-up and a R$30.000 prize offered to the housemate in third place. 
The winner was 32 year-old cowboy Rodrigo Leonel from Ribeirão Preto, São Paulo.
Solveig Pedersen (born September 6, 1965) is a former Norwegian cross-country skier who competed in the 1980s and 1990s. She won a 4 × 5 km relay silver medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville and finished eighth in the 5 km event at those same games.
Pedersen also won a bronze in the 4 × 5 km relay at the 1991 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships and finished fourth in the 15 km event at those same games. Her best individual event was third in a 15 km event in Germany in 1991.
On club level she represented Oddersjaa SSK in Kristiansand. Her coach was Arild Jørgensen.
Toremar (Toscana Regionale Marittima) is an Italian shipping company which operates in routes from Tuscany to the Tuscan archipelago.
On 3 November 2009 the Transport Minister Altero Matteoli and  the President of the Tuscany Region signed an agreement for the passage of the shipping company from the state to the region of Tuscany.
George Washington Slept Here is a 1942 comedy film starring Jack Benny, Ann Sheridan, Charles Coburn, Percy Kilbride, and Hattie McDaniel. It was based on the 1940 play of the same name by Moss Hart and George S. Kaufman, adapted by Everett Freeman, and was directed by William Keighley.
Warner Archives released the film on DVD in November 2013. George Washington Slept Here was cited in the John Wayne film Operation Pacific (1951) when two American submarines traded films at sea.
Robertsfors IK is a Swedish football club located in Robertsfors. The club, formed 1907, is currently playing in the fourth highest Swedish league, Division 2.
Emphysematous cystitis is a rare type of infection of the bladder wall by gas-forming bacteria or fungi. The most frequent offending organism is E. coli. Other gram negative bacteria, including Klebsiella and Proteus are also commonly isolated. Fungi, such as Candida, have also been reported as causative organisms. Citrobacter and Enterococci have also been found to cause emphysematous cystitis. Although it is a rare type of bladder infection, it is the most common type of all gas-forming bladder infections. The condition is characterized by the formation of air bubbles in and around the bladder wall. The gas found in the bladder consists of nitrogen, hydrogen, oxygen, and carbon dioxide. The disease most commonly affects elderly diabetic and immunocompromised patients. The first case was identified in a post-mortem examination in 1888.
Tumi Masekela (born 21 July 1987) is a South African first-class cricketer who plays for the Knights cricket team.
The M49 observation telescope is a 20-power daytime telescope currently used by the US military.  It is used for making ground observations of a target area and effectiveness of artillery fire. It does not have a mil-dot reticle and is usually supported by the M-15 Tripod.
The Bryn Mawr Mainliners is a men's a cappella chorus, based in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania.  Chartered in 1963 as an official chapter of the Barbershop Harmony Society, the chorus is rich in both history and accomplishment.
Piacenza Calcio crashed out of Serie A, following a dismal season. With ex-Inter coach Luigi Simoni at the helm, the club was looking to climb into midtable in Serie A, but the absence of Simone Inzaghi and the ageing of several key players rendered disastrous form, and Simoni was soon sacked. In the end, Piacenza finished rock bottom of the table and their five-year stint in the top flight was ended.
Nové Dvory is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Amano (天野, amano, lit. "heaven field") is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fabio Amano (天野, born 1979), tattoo artist | Brazil | SPAkira Amano (天野 明, born 1973), manga artist
Hiroshi Amano (天野 浩, born 1960), physicist, inventor of blue LED light, 2014 Nobel laureate
Takashi Amano (天野 尚, 1954 – 2015), aquarium designer and photographer
Yukiya Amano (天野 之弥, 1947 – 2019), Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency
María Victoria Moreno Márquez (1 May 1939 – 22 November 2005) was a Spanish writer and teacher. She was one of the pioneers of literature for children and young people in Galician. The Day of Galician Literature was devoted to her on 17 May 2018.
1,000,000,000, i.e. one thousand million, or 109 (ten to the ninth power), as defined on the short scale. This is now the meaning in all English dialects.
1,000,000,000,000, i.e. one million million, or 1012 (ten to the twelfth power), as defined on the long scale. This is one thousand times larger than the short scale billion, and this number is now normally referred to as one trillion. This is the historical meaning in English (with the exception of the United States), and was still in official use in British English until some time after World War II. It is still in use in many non-English-speaking countries where billion and trillion 1018 (ten to the eighteenth power) or equivalent words maintain their long scale definitions.American English adopted the short scale definition from the French (it enjoyed usage in France at the time, alongside the long-scale definition). The United Kingdom used the long scale billion until 1974, when the government officially switched to the short scale, but since the 1950s the short scale had already been increasingly used in technical writing and journalism. Other countries use the word billion (or words cognate to it) to denote either the long scale or short scale billion. (For details, see Long and short scales § Current usage.)
Milliard, another term for one thousand million, is extremely rare in English, but words similar to it are very common in other European languages. For example, Bulgarian, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, Georgian, German, Hebrew (Asia), Hungarian, Italian, Kazakh, Kyrgyz, Lithuanian, Norwegian, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovene, Spanish (although the expression mil millones - a thousand million . is far more common in Spain) , Swedish, Tajik, Turkish, Ukrainian and Uzbek — use milliard, or a related word, for the short scale billion, and billion (or a related word) for the long scale billion. Thus for these languages billion is a thousand times larger than the modern English billion.
The Conversation is a network of not-for-profit media outlets publishing news stories and research reports online, with accompanying expert opinion and analysis. Articles are written by academics and researchers under a free Creative Commons license, allowing reuse without modification. Its model has been described as explanatory journalism. Except in "exceptional circumstances", it only publishes articles by "academics employed by, or otherwise formally connected to, accredited institutions, including universities and accredited research bodies".: 8 It first launched in Australia in March 2011. The network has since expanded globally with a variety of local editions originating from around the world. In September 2019, The Conversation reported a monthly online audience of 10.7 million users, and a combined reach of 40 million people including republication. The site employs over 150 full-time staff.Each regional or national edition of The Conversation is an independent not-for-profit or charity funded by various sources such as partnered universities and university systems, governments and other grant awarding bodies, corporate partners, and reader donations.
The Elgin Pillar is a class II Pictish stone, now situated on the north west side of Elgin Cathedral, in Elgin, Moray. It was discovered in 1823, lying 0.6m beneath the surface of the former churchyard of St Giles' Church, in Elgin High Street. It is thought to date from the 9th century, and suggests there may have been a centre of Early Christian activity in the marketplace area around the church in the centre of Elgin.The stone is made of granite, and stands 2.08m high. It is 0.18m deep and its width tapers from 0.91m at its head to 0.80m at its base.
HMS Fortune was one of nine F-class destroyers built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1930s. Although she was assigned to the Home Fleet upon completion, the ship was detached to the Mediterranean Fleet to enforce the arms blockade imposed by Britain and France on both sides during the Spanish Civil War of 1936–39. Several weeks after the start of the Second World War in September 1939, Fortune helped to sink a German submarine. The ship escorted the larger ships of the fleet during the early stages of World War II and played a minor role in the Norwegian Campaign of 1940. Fortune was sent to Gibraltar in mid-1940 and formed part of Force H where she participated in the Battle of Dakar against the Vichy French. The ship escorted numerous convoys to Malta in 1940–41 until she was badly damaged by Italian bombers in mid-1941.
After repairs were completed, Fortune was briefly assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet before she was transferred to the Eastern Fleet in the Indian Ocean in early 1942. The ship screened an aircraft carrier during the Battle of Madagascar later that year and was assigned to convoy escort duties for the rest of 1942 and early 1943. She returned home in February to begin conversion into an escort destroyer. The ship was transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) when it was completed in mid-1943 and renamed HMCS Saskatchewan. The ship spent the next year escorting convoys in the North Atlantic before she was transferred to the English Channel to defend convoys during the Normandy landings in June 1944. Saskatchewan engaged some German patrol boats the following month and was lightly damaged. She was sent to Canada for repairs and a general refit and did not return to the UK until January 1945. The ship resumed her former duties until the end of the war in May and then ferried troops back to Canada for several months. Saskatchewan was judged surplus later that year and was sold for scrap, in early 1946.
Szymon Kuźma (born 5 September 1997) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Świt Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki.
Annie Key is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 11th District from 2001−2006. A former telephone worker with Ohio Bell and later AT&T, Key initially ran for the Ohio House of Representatives in 2000 to succeed Troy Lee James, who had held the seat for 34 years and no longer could run due to term limits. She succeeded in her bid, and was seated on January 3, 2001. She would go on to win reelection in 2002, and 2004. By her second term, Key was serving as the ranking Democratic member on the Ethics and Elections Committee.
In 2006, Key opted to forgo another term in the House to run for the Ohio Senate in an open seat. However, with the seat being incredibly Democratic, she faced a contentious primary against Shirley Smith and Claudette Woodard. In the end, Smith defeated Key, ultimately ending her political career in Columbus. She was succeeded by her aide, Democrat Sandra Williams.Following her defeat, Key returned to Cleveland and remains active in the community.Her daughter, Stephanie Howse, currently serves in the Ohio House representing the 11th District - Key's former district.
The 1956–57 Tennessee A&I State Tigers basketball team represented Tennessee A&I State College (now called Tennessee State University) in National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) men's basketball during the 1956–57 season. Coached by third-year head coach John McLendon, the Tigers finished the season with a 31–4 record and were crowned NAIA national champions by winning the 1957 NAIA Tournament. This marked the first of three consecutive national championships, a feat that no other team at any level of college basketball had previously accomplished. In addition, the 1956–57 team became the first historically black college to win a national basketball title. In 2019, all three national championship teams were inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
Elinor Caplan  (born May 20, 1944) is a businesswoman and former politician in Ontario, Canada.  She served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1985 to 1997, and was a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons of Canada from 1997 to 2004.  A Liberal, she served as a cabinet minister in the provincial government of David Peterson and the federal government of Jean Chrétien.
San Carlos Centro is a city in the center of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina, located 46 kilometres (29 mi) from the provincial capital Santa Fe. It has 11,055 inhabitants as per the 2010 census [INDEC].
Like most other towns in the Las Colonias Department, San Carlos Centro was originally an agricultural colony, populated by European immigrants. It was founded in 1858 by Carlos Beck Bernard, of the Beck & Herzog Swiss Colonizing Society. The settlement received the category of comuna (village or commune) on 2 June 1886, and became a city (full-fledged municipality) on 9 October 1986. The city preserves its historical past at the Historical Museum of the San Carlos Colony.
Kosmos 501 (Russian: Космос 501 meaning Cosmos 501), known before launch as DS-P1-Yu No.50, was a Soviet satellite which was launched in 1972 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme. It was a 250-kilogram (550 lb) spacecraft, which was built by the Yuzhnoye Design Bureau, and was used as a radar calibration target for anti-ballistic missile tests.Kosmos 501 was successfully launched into low Earth orbit at 05:59:57 UTC on 12 July 1972. The launch took place from Site 86/4 at Kapustin Yar, and used a Kosmos-2I 63SM carrier rocket. It was the last DS-P1-Yu satellite to be launched from Kapustin Yar. Upon reaching orbit, the satellite was assigned its Kosmos designation, and received the International Designator 1972-054A. The North American Aerospace Defense Command assigned it the catalogue number 06099.
Kosmos 501 was the fifty-sixth of seventy nine DS-P1-Yu satellites to be launched, and the fiftieth of seventy two to successfully reach orbit. It was operated in an orbit with a perigee of 215 kilometres (134 mi), an apogee of 2,071 kilometres (1,287 mi), 48.4 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 108.2 minutes. It remained in orbit until it decayed and reentered the atmosphere on 9 May 1974.
"The Chromium Fence" is a science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick, first published in Imagination magazine in July 1955.The story is set in a future where political differences have been reduced to trivialities, the "purists" are pitted against the "naturalists". The purists wish to make the adoption of cosmetic changes (sweat glands removed, teeth fixed and so on) compulsory. 
The purist and naturalist mantra in this story is shown as one extreme manifestation of the brain-washing. The central character, Don Walsh, seems the only sane man left and refuses to join either side. Eventually, however, he is forced to act and pays the ultimate price.
Tongo Field is a football field located in Kenema, Kenema District in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone. The field is the home ground of Sierra Leone National Premier League Club  the Gem Stars.
A centaur ( SEN-tor, SEN-tar; Ancient Greek: κένταυρος, romanized: kéntauros; Latin: centaurus), or occasionally hippocentaur, is a creature from Greek mythology with the upper body of a human and the lower body and legs of a horse.Centaurs are thought of in many Greek myths as being as wild as untamed horses, and were said to have inhabited the region of Magnesia and Mount Pelion in Thessaly, the Foloi oak forest in Elis, and the Malean peninsula in southern Laconia. Centaurs are subsequently featured in Roman mythology, and were familiar figures in the medieval bestiary. They remain a staple of modern fantastic literature.
One Love Roller Dolls (OLRD) is a women's flat track roller derby league based in Antwerp, Belgium. Founded in 2010, the league currently consists of two teams which competes against teams from other leagues. One Love is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).
Fatal Microbes were an English punk rock band formed in 1978. The main line-up of the band consisted of Honey Bane on vocals, Gem Stone on drums, Pete Fender on guitar, and Scotty Barker on bass.The band's name is regarded as a reference to the theme of disgust and toxicity, explored and embraced by many punk rock acts in the late 1970s and early 1980.
Johann Nepomuk von Ringseis (16 May 1785 – 22 May 1880) was a German physician born in Schwarzhofen, Oberpfalz.
He received his education at the University of Landshut, where he was a student of Andreas Röschlaub (1768-1835). Afterwards he furthered his studies in Vienna (1812–1813) and Berlin (1814–1815), and in 1816 moved to Munich as a personal physician to Crown Prince Ludwig. In 1818 he was appointed Medizinalrat (medical health officer) to the district of Isarkreis. In 1826 he became a professor at the Medical Faculty of the University of Munich.
Ringseis took a religious approach towards medicine, and believed that the origin of disease was rooted in "original sin". Among his written works was System der Medizin, a publication involving his lectures on general pathology and therapy.
Ido Pariente (Hebrew: עידו פריינטה; born August 31, 1978) is an Israeli mixed martial arts fighter and trainer. His nickname is "The Hebrew Hammer".  He is one of Israel's top fighters.Pariente was the Victory Fighting Championship Lightweight Champion in 2001, Pankration World Champion in 2003, European Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) champion brown belt in 2007, and Desert Combat Lightweight titleholder in 2007. The Jerusalem Post described him and his brother Roy as "pretty much the biggest names in Israel's young MMA scene."
Valeriy Nikolaevich Hubulov (Russian: Валерий Николаевич Хубулов, 6 November 1966 – 31 May 1998) was a South Ossetian politician, who was minister of defense and acting prime minister in 1996. He was assassinated in 1998 while in Russia.
Hubulov was born in Tskhinvali in 1966. He was trained as a high school teacher at Tskhinvali University, specializing in physics and mathematics. He graduated in 1990. From 1984 till 1986, Hubulov served in the Soviet Army. In 1991 he was elected the First Secretary of the South Ossetian Komsomol and as a member of the Central Committee of Soviet Komsomol.
Hubulov was an active participant in the 1991–1992 South Ossetia War, leading and coordinating various resistance groups against the Georgian invasion. After the war, he participated in the signing of the Sochi agreement. He also fought in the War in Abkhazia (1992–1993), leading a South Ossetian unit fighting on the Abkhazian side, for which he was awarded the Order of Leon by president Vladislav Ardzinba.In 1993, Hubulov initiated the founding of the South Ossetian ministry of defense, of which he became the first minister. At the same time, he was also made deputy PM in the cabinet of Gerasim Khugayev.When PM Vladislav Gabarayev was fired in August 1996, Hubulov, as deputy PM, succeeded him and became acting prime minister for several months, until a replacement was found in Aleksandr Shavlokhov.Valeriy Hubulov was assassinated by unknown killers at the market place of Vladikavkaz in North Ossetia–Alania on 31 May 1998. The gunmen opened fire on his car with AK-47s. Later, police found his car blown up in the yard of a neighbouring school, but the murderers were never caught.
Odorheiu Secuiesc (Romanian pronunciation: [odorˌheju sekuˈjesk]; Hungarian: Székelyudvarhely, Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈseːkɛjudvɒrhɛj] (listen); German: Odorhellen) is the second largest municipality in Harghita County, Transylvania, Romania. In its short form, it is also known as Odorhei in Romanian and Udvarhely in Hungarian. The Hungarian name of the town "Udvarhely" means "courtyard place".
The former French Catholic diocese of Boulogne existed from 1567 to the French Revolution. It was created after the diocese of Thérouanne was suppressed because of war damage to the see; effectively this was a renaming. The Concordat of 1801 suppressed the diocese of Boulogne, transferring its territory to the diocese of Arras. The seat was the Boulogne Cathedral, demolished in 1793.
Hornsherred (Danish pronunciation: [ˈhoɐ̯ˀnsˌhɛɐ̯ð̩]) is a peninsula between Roskilde Fjord and Isefjord on the island of Zealand in eastern Denmark.
It falls within the expanded Frederikssund municipality and includes Jægerspris and Skibby and before 1 January 2007 a part of Bramsnæs Municipality, now a part of Lejre Municipality. It is connected to Frederikssund by the Kronprins Frederik bridge which was built in 1935. The area is increasingly popular as a venue for tourists with facilities for walking, cycling and sailing.
Anarsia taurella is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by John David Bradley in 1961. It is found on Guadalcanal.The wingspan is about 11 mm. The forewings are cinnamon buff mixed with light clay colour, and with a sprinkling of brown scales in the middle. The hindwings are mouse grey, overlaid with fuscous around the margins and hyaline near base.
Metawai Festival or Mentawai Charm Festival (Indonesian: Festival Pesona Mentawai) is a traditional festival/carnival held annually since 2016 at Mentawai Islands Regency, West Sumatra in Indonesia. The festival aims to promote national and international tourism to the Mentawai Islands Regency, arranged by the Indonesian Ministry of Tourism and local regency administration. The Mentawai people believe to have ancestry since 1500 BC.
The 2004 V8 Supercar Championship Series was an Australian racing series for V8 Supercars. It began on 21 March 2004 at the Adelaide Street Circuit and ended on 5 December at Eastern Creek Raceway after 13 rounds. It was the sixth running of the V8 Supercar Championship Series. The series winner was also awarded the 45th Australian Touring Car Championship title by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport.
The championship was won by Marcos Ambrose of the Stone Brothers Racing.
John Bartlett (June 14, 1820 – December 3, 1905) was an American writer and publisher whose best known work, Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, has been continually revised and reissued for a century after his death.
The hornyhead turbot (Pleuronichthys verticalis) is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. It is a demersal fish that lives on soft sand and mud bottoms at depths of between 9 and 200 metres (30 and 656 ft). Its native habitat is the subtropical waters of the Eastern Pacific, from Point Reyes in California to Magdalena Bay in Baja California, and the northern and central eastern parts of the Gulf of California. It can grow up to 37 centimetres (15 in) in length.
Magnus Eriksson (born August 12, 1973 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a former Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender. He has played with Milano Vipers since 2004. Before that did he represent Augsburger Panther in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (2001–2004), Färjestads BK in the Swedish Elite League (2000–2001), VIK Västerås HK in the Swedish Elite League (1997–2000).Now he plays for the French elite hockey team Dragons de Rouen. Before signing with Västerås IK in 1997 did he play in the lower leagues in Sweden.
He won a gold medal at the 1998 IIHF World Championships.
Aled Jones,  (born 29 December 1970) is a Welsh singer and radio and television presenter. As a teenage chorister, he reached widespread fame during the mid-1980s. Since then he has worked in television with the BBC and ITV, and radio (for BBC Radio Wales and Classic FM).
In September 2012, Jones joined ITV Breakfast where he presented Daybreak (2012–2014), alongside Lorraine Kelly and Kate Garraway.For the BBC, he has presented Cash in the Attic (2010–2012), Escape to the Country (2010–2013) and Going Back Giving Back (2016–present).
Sudama is the Ward No.10 of the Balara municipality in Sarlahi District in the Province No.2 of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the most recent census, it had a population of 3,634 people, of which 99.6% are Hindus and 0.4% are Muslims.The double-decker bridge over the river Manusmara attracts many tourists.
Kosei Ishigami (石神 幸征, Ishigami Kōsei, born 11 January 1990 in Shizuoka) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Gainare Tottori.
The PS Gem is a retired side-wheel paddle steamer that was first launched in 1876 on the Murray River at Moama, New South Wales. She operated as a cargo and passenger steamer, regularly cruising between Morgan and Mildura. The Gem operated as a tourist passenger vessel during the 1930s and 1940s, and was retired in the early 1950s. In 1962 the Gem was sold to the then Swan Hill Folk Museum, where it would become a static display and historic monument.
Rolf Thorstein Smedvig (September 23, 1952 – April 27, 2015) was an American classical trumpeter.  He was the founder of the Empire Brass Quintet. He is renowned for his exemplary tone and accurate intonation.
Smuggled Cargo is a 1939 American drama film directed by John H. Auer and written by Earl Felton and Michael Jacoby. The film stars Barry MacKay, Rochelle Hudson, George Barbier, Ralph Morgan, Cliff Edwards and John Wray. The film was released on August 21, 1939, by Republic Pictures.
Ladislav Volešák (born 7 April 1984, in Hradištko pod Medníkem) is a Czech football player who currently plays for TJ Štěchovice. He is an attacking midfielder and was a regular for Slavia Prague.
In January 2010 he joined SK Dynamo České Budějovice. Half year later he moved to 1. FC Slovácko. Volešák also played for youth national teams since the under-15 level.
Prince Hassan bin Talal (Arabic: الحسن بن طلال, born 20 March 1947) is a member of the Jordanian royal family who was previously Crown Prince from 1965 to 1999, being removed just three weeks before King Hussein's death.
Red Bank secure unit, part of Red Bank Community Home, was one of several English Local Authority Secure Children’s Homes (a juvenile detention facility) located in Newton-le-Willows, Merseyside. It opened in 1965, when it was one of three such units, and accepted both boys and girls. The unit closed in May 2015.In 1990, when it housed 26 boys and young men convicted of serious crimes including murder, rape and arson, John Evans, the local member of parliament, described its work as "excellent and valuable" and said, "The special unit is not a harsh place, but it has rules that must be adhered to. The young people learn self-control and discipline in an affectionate environment that is sensitive to their special needs." It later specialised in accommodating child sex offenders. In 2009, it was one of nine secure children's homes in England.Mary Bell was initially sent to the unit and it later housed Jon Venables, one of James Bulger's killers. Allegations that a female employee of the unit had engaged in sexual activity with Venables while he was imprisoned there were widely reported in 2011.
Antonio de la Pedrosa y Guerrero (born ca. 1660) was an attorney in Spain and in Santa Fe de Bogotá (now in Colombia), a member of the Council of the Indies, and the first (provisional) viceroy of New Granada, from June 13, 1718, to November 25, 1719.
De Cecco is a surname of Italian origin. Notable people with the surname include: 
Ganemat Sekhon (born 29 November 2000) is an Indian sport shooter from Chandigarh. She specializes in skeet. She won India a medal in the Women's skeet event of ISSF Shooting World Cup in March 2021. Sekhon is right handed and is right eye dominant.
Kanhan (Pipri) is a census town in Nagpur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Rhacophorus baliogaster, also known as the belly-spotted frog, is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae. It is found in the Central Highlands of Vietnam and the Annamite Mountains of adjacent Laos. Its range probably extends into eastern Cambodia where suitable habitat should be present. The specific name baliogaster is derived from the Greek words balios and gaster, meaning "spotted or dappled belly".
Blake Babies were an American college rock band formed in 1986 in Boston, Massachusetts. The three primary members were John Strohm, Freda Love, and Juliana Hatfield. They recorded three albums before splitting up in 1991. They reformed to record a new album in 1999, and again in 2016.
Ryou-Un Maru (漁運丸, Fishing Luck) (also Ryō Un Maru) was a Japanese fishing boat that was washed away from its mooring in Aomori Prefecture by the March 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami and drifted across the Pacific Ocean. It was spotted a year later by a routine Royal Canadian Air Force air patrol about 150 nautical miles (280 km; 170 mi) off the coast of Haida Gwaii, British Columbia. The unmanned hulk entered U.S. waters on 1 April 2012, and, after salvage attempts failed, was  sunk by the U.S. Coast Guard on 5 April 2012 to prevent the hulk from becoming a hazard to navigation.
From the Ladle to the Grave is the third album by Minneapolis Celtic rock band Boiled in Lead. It was the band's first recording with drummer Robin Adnan Anders, whose influence helped push the band further beyond Celtic rock into explorations of other world traditions. These included Bulgarian, Russian-Jewish, and Turkish music, as well as their version of The Hollies’ “Stop! Stop! Stop!” which interpolated a traditional Egyptian melody. The song "Cuz Mapfumo" simultaneously paid tribute to Chicago-based Irish musician Cuz Teahan and Zimbabwean Thomas Mapfumo.Previous Boiled in Lead albums had consisted entirely of traditional folk and world-music songs, though the band often arranged the songs in nontraditional, harder-rocking ways. Ladle contained Boiled in Lead's first original compositions, "The Microorganism" and "Pig Dog Daddy." Both were written by lead singer Todd Menton, who cited the influence of Billy Bragg and Richard Thompson as songwriters who had successfully fused folk and rock/pop. Menton began writing "The Microorganism," a mournful ballad about the devastation of AIDS, six years before its appearance on Ladle.The song "My Son John" is a variant of the traditional Irish antiwar ballad "Mrs. McGrath." In an article on the history of the Napoleon-era song, Sing Out! critic Steven L. Jones singled out Boiled in Lead's rendition as a skillful modernization that also stayed true to the song's politics and "underlying rage and terror." The band's version of the song is dedicated to antiwar activist S. Brian Willson, whose legs were cut off when he was struck by a munitions train during a Reagan-era protest of arms shipments to Central America.The album won a Minnesota Music Award for Album/CD of the Year in 1989.
Ayaulym Shalkarkyzy (Kazakh: Аяулым Шалқарқызы, Aiaulym Şalqarqyzy, born January 29, 1996), known as Aya Shalkar (Kazakh: Айя Шалқар, Aiia Şalkar, اياۋلىم شالكار), is a Kazakh graphic designer and a model who became notable on Instagram.
Shalkar founded Ash Wear clothing brand inspired by the philosophy of simplicity and openness. The name of the brand, “Ashyk”, translates from Kazakh as “open”. It also coincides with Ayaulym Shalkar's initials (A.Sh). She graduated from the University of Applied Arts Vienna in 2020 with a master's degree in graphic design.
WVCY-FM (107.7 FM) is a radio station located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Owned by VCY America, WVCY-FM is the flagship affiliate of their Milwaukee-based Christian radio network. The station also has multiple translators within the state of Wisconsin and several other Midwest states.
Half Peak is the highest summit of the east central San Juan Mountains in the Rocky Mountains of North America.
This is a list of the governors of colonies, protectorates, or other dependencies in 1855. Where applicable, native rulers are also listed.
The Tin (or Teen) Bigha Corridor (Bengali: তিনবিঘা করিডর) is a strip of land belonging to India on the West Bengal–Bangladesh border which, in September 2011, was leased to Bangladesh so the country could access its Dahagram–Angarpota enclave from the mainland. The enclave remains the only one still in existence after the 2015 resolution of the India–Bangladesh enclaves issue. It is situated in the town of Patgram Upazila.
Cove Ledge is a small barren island located at the entrance of Magnolia Harbor in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts.
North Macedonia (Macedonia before February 2019), officially the Republic of North Macedonia, is a country in Southeast Europe. It gained independence in 1991 as one of the successor states of Yugoslavia. North Macedonia is a landlocked country bordering with Kosovo to the northwest, Serbia to the north, Bulgaria to the east, Greece to the south, and Albania to the west. It constitutes approximately the northern third of the larger geographical region of Macedonia. Skopje, the capital and largest city, is home to a quarter of the country's 1.83 million population. The majority of the residents are ethnic Macedonians, a South Slavic people. Albanians form a significant minority at around 25%, followed by Turks, Romani, Serbs, Bosniaks, Aromanians and a few other minorities.
The history of the region begins with the kingdom of Paeonia, a mixed Thraco-Illyrian polity. In the late sixth century BC, the area was subjugated by the Persian Achaemenid Empire, then incorporated into the Kingdom of Macedonia in the fourth century BC. The Roman Empire conquered the region in the second century BC and made it part of the larger province of Macedonia. The area remained part of the Byzantine Empire, but was often raided and settled by Slavic tribes beginning in the sixth century of the Christian era. Following centuries of contention between the Bulgarian, Byzantine, and Serbian Empires, it was part of the Ottoman Empire from the mid-14th until the early 20th century, when, following the Balkan Wars of 1912 and 1913, the modern territory of North Macedonia came under Serbian rule.
During the First World War, it was ruled by Bulgaria, but after the end of the war it returned to being under Serbian rule as part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. During the Second World War, it was ruled by Bulgaria again and in 1945 it was established as a constituent state of communist Yugoslavia, which it remained until its peaceful secession in 1991. The country became a member of the United Nations in April 1993, but as a result of a dispute with Greece over the name "Macedonia", it was admitted under the provisional description "the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia" (abbreviated as "FYR Macedonia" or "FYROM"). In June 2018, Macedonia and Greece resolved the dispute with an agreement that the country should rename itself "Republic of North Macedonia". This renaming came into effect in February 2019.
A unitary parliamentary constitutional republic, North Macedonia is a member of the UN, NATO, the Council of Europe, the World Bank, OSCE, CEFTA, BSEC and the WTO. Since 2005, it has also been a candidate for joining the European Union. North Macedonia is an upper-middle-income country and has undergone considerable economic reform since independence in developing an open economy. North Macedonia is a developing country, ranking 82nd on the Human Development Index, and provides a social security, universal health care system, and free primary and secondary education to its citizens.
Mandibular fracture, also known as fracture of the jaw, is a break through the mandibular bone. In about 60% of cases the break occurs in two places. It may result in a decreased ability to fully open the mouth. Often the teeth will not feel properly aligned or there may be bleeding of the gums. Mandibular fractures occur most commonly among males in their 30s.Mandibular fractures are typically the result of trauma. This can include a fall onto the chin or a hit from the side. Rarely they may be due to osteonecrosis or tumors in the bone. The most common area of fracture is at the condyle (36%), body (21%), angle (20%) and symphysis (14%). While a diagnosis can occasionally be made with plain X-ray, modern CT scans are more accurate.Immediate surgery is not necessarily required. Occasionally people may go home and follow up for surgery in the next few days. A number of surgical techniques may be used including maxillomandibular fixation and open reduction internal fixation (ORIF). People are often put on antibiotics such as penicillin for a brief period of time. The evidence to support this practice; however, is poor.
Fruitport Charter Township is a charter township of Muskegon County in the U.S. state of Michigan.  The population was 12,533 at the 2000 census. The village of Fruitport is within the township.
Thurmont is a town in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. The population was 6,935 at the 2020 census. The town is located in the northern part of Frederick County (north of Frederick, the county seat), approximately ten miles from the Pennsylvania border, along U.S. Highway 15. It is very close to Cunningham Falls State Park and Catoctin Mountain Park, the latter of which contains the presidential retreat of Camp David. Thurmont is also home to Catoctin Colorfest, an arts and crafts festival that draws in about 125,000 people each autumn.In 2005, Thurmont was designated as a Maryland Main Street Community and in 2005 Thurmont was designated a National Main Street under the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
"Hazard Pay" is the third episode of the fifth season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad, and the 49th overall episode of the series. Written by Peter Gould and directed by Adam Bernstein, it originally aired on AMC in the United States on July 29, 2012.
Edward Elwall, born 9 November 1676, died 29 November 1744, was a mercer and grocer, born at Sedgley near Wolverhampton.  He was a Unitarian and a Sabbatarian Baptist; that is, his day of rest and worship was the seventh day, the biblical Sabbath, rather than the first day of the week, the “papal pagan Sunday,” as he called it, which is kept by orthodox Christians.  The people of Wolverhampton referred to him as ‘Jew Elwall,’ because of his Sabbath-keeping.  He is said to have occasionally attended the Mill Yard Seventh Day Baptist Church in London.  
In 1727 Elwall published his Unitarian beliefs in A true testimony for God and his sacred Law; being a plain, honest defence of the First Commandment of God, against all the Trinitarians under Heaven: ‘Thou shalt have no other gods but me.’
Yengema is a town in  Kono District in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone, lying approximately 6 miles (9.7 km) west of Koidu Town (the largest city in Kono District), and about 142 miles (229 km) east of Freetown. The major industries in and around Yengema are diamond mining and agriculture. The town is home to Yengema Airport, the main airfield serving Kono District. A 2012 estimate of Yengema population was 13,358 people.The population of Yengema is ethnically diverse, though the majority of its residents are ethnic Mandingo and ethnic Kono. The primary language of communication in Yengema is the Krio language, which is widely spoken in the town.  
Yengema is a predominantly Muslim town, though with a significant Christian minority population In the town.
Yengema is home to the Yengema Secondary School (commonly known as YSS), and is among the most prominent secondary schools in Sierra Leone.
Before the civil war, Yengema was one of the most populous cities in Eastern Sierra Leone. During the Sierra Leone civil war, Yengema was heavily damaged and constantly fought over due to the rich diamond reserves in the area. This forced many of the residents to flee the city.
The Davidson Wildcats women's basketball team is the basketball team that represents Davidson College in Davidson, North Carolina, in the NCAA Division I. The school's team currently competes in the Atlantic 10 Conference and are coached by Gayle Coats Fulks entering her first year.
Kadugannawa electoral district was an electoral district of Sri Lanka between August 1947 and March 1960. The district was named after the town of Kadugannawa in Kandy District, Central Province. The 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka introduced the proportional representation electoral system for electing members of Parliament. The existing 160 mainly single-member electoral districts were replaced with 22 multi-member electoral districts. Kadugannawa electoral district was replaced by the Kandy multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the proportional representation system. The Kadugannawa electoral district was one of three multi-member constituencies, with two members, the others were Colombo Central and Balangoda.
The 2013 CFL season was the 60th season of modern-day Canadian football. Officially, it was the 56th season of the Canadian Football League.
The pre-season began on June 12, 2013 and the regular season began on June 27, 2013. Regina, Saskatchewan hosted the 101st Grey Cup on November 24, with the Cup won by the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
"Gravity" is a song by American singer Brent Faiyaz and producer DJ Dahi, released as a single on January 29, 2021. It features rapper Tyler, the Creator. The song is about the complications of fidelity for a superstar, and was created from music education initiative Songs from Scratch. On March 8, 2021, American rapper IDK released a cover of the song.
André-Marie Rabel (20 March 1878 – 21 January 1934) was a French fencer. He competed in the men's épée event at the 1900 Summer Olympics.
Boumdeid  (Arabic: بومديد) is a town and commune in Mauritania. 
It is located in the Aoukar basin, which formerly gave name to the greater region.
In geometry, a triangular prism is a three-sided prism; it is a polyhedron made of a triangular base, a translated copy, and 3 faces joining corresponding sides. A right triangular prism has rectangular sides, otherwise it is oblique. A uniform triangular prism is a right triangular prism with equilateral bases, and square sides.
Equivalently, it is a polyhedron of which two faces are parallel, while the surface normals of the other three are in the same plane (which is not necessarily parallel to the base planes). These three faces are parallelograms. All cross-sections parallel to the base faces are the same triangle.
The Great Buddha statue is one of the popular stops on the Buddhist pilgrimage and tourist routes in Bodh Gaya, Bihar (India). The statue is 19.5 m (64 ft) high representing the Buddha seated in a meditation pose, or dhyana mudra, on a lotus in the open air. The total height of the construction is 80 ft (24 m) of which the Buddha makes up 64 ft (20 m), the lotus on which the Buddha sits 6 ft (1.8 m) and the lower pedestal 10 ft (3.0 m). The construction's width is nearly 60 ft (18 m) at its maximum. The statue was designed by V. Ganapati Sthapati and took seven years to complete using the labor of 12,000 stonemasons. It is constructed from a combination of sandstone and red granite blocks. A hollow spiral staircase inside the statue leads from the ground up to the chest. Shelves on the interior walls display 16,300 small bronze images of the Buddha. The Great Buddha statue is located in a garden at the end of Temple Street and is surrounded by smaller sculptures of Buddha's ten principal disciples, five on each side. The Great Buddha was possibly the largest Buddha statue in India at the time and was consecrated on 18 November 1989 by the 14th Dalai Lama. The foundation stone for the statue was laid in 1982.
Cutting Ball Theater is a San Francisco-based theater company that experiments with theatrical form, beyond naturalism and conventionalism, to tell relevant stories that embolden and engage audiences. They are active citizens of our Tenderloin neighborhood and provide a theater educational program that introduces Tenderloin and Bay area youth to both experiencing and creating theater. New works performed by Cutting Ball include Bay Area premieres by American playwrights Will Eno and Eugenie Chan.The company was founded in 1999 by theater artist Rob Melrose and Artistic Director Paige Rogers.Cutting Ball was named "Best Theater Company" in San Francisco Bay Guardian's 2010 "Best of the Bay" issue.In 2013, Cutting Ball was awarded the American Theatre Wing's National Theatre Company Grant.
Jangdam (Chinese: 江当乡) is a village and township of Samzhubzê District (Shigatse City), in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. At the time of the 2010 census, the township had a population of 4,951 and an area of 304 square kilometres (117 sq mi). It is the location of the Shigatse Peace Airport serving the city., it had 15 villages under its administration.
Parahastites is a genus of belemnite, an extinct group of cephalopods.
John Gretton "Jocko" Willink (born September 8, 1971) is an American author, podcaster, and retired United States Navy officer who served in the Navy SEALs and is a former member of SEAL Team 3.
Willink's military service includes combat actions in the Iraq War, where he commanded SEAL Team 3's Task Unit Bruiser, the unit that fought in the battle against the Iraqi insurgents in Ramadi. Willink was honored with the Silver Star and Bronze Star Medal for his service. He achieved the rank of lieutenant commander.Willink co-authored the books Extreme Ownership and The Dichotomy of Leadership (with fellow retired SEAL Leif Babin) and co-founded the management consulting firm Echelon Front, LLC. Willink hosts a weekly podcast with Brazilian jiu jitsu practitioner Echo Charles, called the Jocko Podcast. He holds a B.A. in English at the University of San Diego.
Pooja Dhanda (born 1 January 1994) is an Indian wrestler from Budana village of Hisar district in Haryana, who won Bronze medal at the 2018 World Championships at Budapest in 57 kg weight class. She won Silver medals at 2010 Summer Youth Olympics and 2018 Commonwealth Games at Gold Coast in 60 kg and 57 kg category respectively. The grappler also won a Bronze at the 2014 Asian Wrestling Championship. Pooja has defeated Olympic and World Championship medalists.  Government of India honoured her with the Arjuna award for outstanding performance in the field of Sports.
The Sumdum mine is one of the largest lead and zinc mines in United States. The mine is located in north-western United States in Alaska. The mine has reserves amounting to 24 million tonnes of ore grading 0.37% zinc and 79.1 million oz of silver.
Henry Ernest Peter "Jack" Watermeyer  QC (3 July 1911 – 21 October 2003) was a South African judge and Judge President of the Cape Provincial Division of the Supreme Court from 1979 until 1981.
Mihailo Dožić (Serbian Cyrillic: Михаило Дoжић; 1848–1914) was a Serbian Orthodox hierodeacon and archimandrite, who established an insurgent battalion in Potarje (in Montenegro) to fight against Ottoman rule in the region. Having been sent in 1866 to the Dobrilovina Monastery, Dožić made the monastery the centre of the spiritual and political life and aspirations for freedom in the wide area of Potarje, and organized an insurgent battalion in the Potarje region active between 1875 and 1878 (during the Montenegrin–Ottoman War (1876–78)).
The Miracle of the Sargasso Sea (Greek: Το Θαύμα της Θάλασσας των Σαργασσών), is a 2019 thriller/drama Greek film with horror and surrealist elements, directed by Syllas Tzoumerkas. It tells the story two women, a police woman and an eel hatchery worker, whose solitary lives cross when a circle of violence erupts in the poor, small town of Western Greece where they live. Angeliki Papoulia, Youla Boudali and Christos Passalis lead the film's ensemble cast.Tzoumerkas' third film after Homeland (Hora Proelefsis, 2010) and A Blast (2014), The Miracle of the Sargasso Sea had its world premiere at the Panorama section of the 69th Berlinale.
Leichhardt Tree is a heritage-listed blazed tree at Yaldwyn Street, Taroom, Shire of Banana, Queensland, Australia. The blaze was made in 1844 by Ludwig Leichhardt. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Dhanbad (Vidhan Sabha constituency)   is an assembly constituency in  the Indian state of Jharkhand.
"All Over the World" is a 2010 single by Swedish singer Ola, full name Ola Svensson and the third single from his 2010 self-titled album Ola after his two Swedish hits from the album: Unstoppable (The Return of Natalie)" and "Overdrive". The third release peaked at number three on the Swedish Singles Chart.
Potemnemus pristis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1866. It is known from Papua New Guinea and Moluccas.
The Abergavenny fireworks display is an annual organized fireworks display held each year on 5 November, Guy Fawkes Night  in Abergavenny, Wales.
The event takes place in Belgrave Park, at the Nevill Hall Hospital end of town (not at the hospital itself). It has been running each year since 1968.
The event is run and organized by the local social networking club Abergavenny and District Round Table, which is one of the branches in the UK of the Round Table. It is a non profit event with all proceeds being distributed to charities and good causes, primarily in and around the Abergavenny area. Some of those to have benefited from monies raised from the Abergavenny fireworks display include:  Abergavenny Scouts, Crickhowell Scouts, Jigsaw community project, Llanbedr Village Thai Boxing, Mardy Juniors Football, RTB Ebbw Vale Junior AFC Club, a fuller list is on the Abergavenny and District Round Table website.
The Unified Progressive Party (UPP; Korean: 통합진보당, RR: Tonghap Jinbo-dang, Hanja: 統合進步黨) is a banned political party in South Korea. It was founded on 5 December 2011 as a merger of the Democratic Labor Party, the People's Participation Party of Rhyu Si-min, and a faction of the New Progressive Party. Until 12 May 2012 it was jointly chaired by Rhyu Si-min, Lee Jung-hee, and Sim Sang-jung.
Autarcontes is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
The Devin-Adair Publishing Company (1911–1981) was an American, conservative publishing house.
Rockwells Mills Historic District is a national historic district located at Guilford in Chenango County, New York. The district includes 26 contributing buildings including approximately 20 houses with associated houses and a stone textile mill.  Included is the large Italianate style Crandall Residence (1867–1868), historically the mill owners house, and the stone mill building.  The other residences are disbursed along New York State Route 8.  In 1947, the mill was converted for use as a restaurant.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
Richard Ulrich is a former American football coach. He was the 15th head football coach at Adams State College—now known as Adams State University—in Alamosa, Colorado and he held that position for the 1981 season. His coaching record at Adams State was 3–5–1.
Shrimant Jayajirao Scindia GCB, GCSI, CIE (19 January 1834 – 20 June 1886) of the Scindia dynasty of the Marathas was the ruling Maharajah of Gwalior under the British rule.
Woodford was a parliamentary constituency in Essex which returned one Member of Parliament (MP)  to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1945 until it was renamed for the 1964 general election.
The constituency's only Member of Parliament for its entire existence was Sir Winston Churchill of the Conservative Party; from 1924 he had represented the Epping constituency from which Woodford was created. He represented the Woodford seat during his second tenure as Prime Minister, and continued to hold it until he retired aged 89 at the 1964 general election; it was the last seat he represented in a parliamentary career that spanned over 60 years. He was the Father of the House for the last five years of his tenure in the seat. A statue of him was unveiled on Woodford Green in the constituency in 1959.
John Andrew Crump MB ChB, MD, DTM&H, FRACP, FRCPA, FRCP is a New Zealand-born infectious diseases physician, medical microbiologist, and epidemiologist. He is the McKinlay Professor of Global Health at the University of Otago and an Adjunct Professor of Medicine, Pathology, and Global Health at Duke University. He served as inaugural Co-Director of the Otago Global Health Institute, one of the university's research centres. His primary research interest is fever in the tropics, focusing on invasive bacterial diseases and bacterial zoonoses.
Antoni Franz (26 January 1905 – 16 July 1965) was a Polish fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Coastal Hospice and Palliative Care is a non-profit health care organization founded in 1980. It is located in Salisbury, Maryland, and serves Dorchester, Wicomico, Somerset and Worcester counties. 
Its mission as a hospice is to serve the needs of the terminally ill in their own homes throughout the four Lower Shore counties. Coastal Hospice also provides palliative care, or medical care for managing pain and other symptoms of cancer. Coastal Hospice uses a team approach, sending registered nurses, counselors, home health aides, social workers, and volunteers to patients' homes. Working with the patients' own physicians, the health care workers strive to help patients live fully and as pain-free as possible. Charitable contributions and donations support charity care, helping to offset costs of care for those who need help but cannot pay either privately or by insurance.
In Islam, angels (Arabic: ملاك٬ ملك, romanized: malāk; plural: ملائِكة: malāʾik or malāʾikah) are believed to be heavenly beings, created from a luminous origin by God. They have different roles, including their praise of God, interacting with humans in ordinary life, defending against devils and carrying on natural phenomena. Islam acknowledges the concept of angels both as anthropomorphic creatures with wings and abstract forces advising good. Belief in angels is one of the main articles of faith in Islam.The Quran is the principal source for the Islamic concept of angels, but more extensive features of angels appear in hadith literature, Mi'raj literature, Islamic exegesis, theology, philosophy, and mysticism. The angels differ from other spiritual creatures in their attitude as creatures of virtue, in contrast to devils and jinn. Angels play an important role in Muslim everyday life by protecting the believers from evil influences and recording the deeds of humans.
SCM Râmnicu Vâlcea, formerly known as CS Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea, is a professional women's handball club in Râmnicu Vâlcea, Romania, that competes in the Liga Naţională and the EHF Champions League. 
It holds the record of CS Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea since 26 April 2019, this means SCM Râmnicu Vâlcea is the successor club. The board also plans to get the name in the future.
Redeemer is Norma Jean's third studio album. It was released on September 12, 2006 in the United States, and on October 3, 2006 in Canada. The album sold more than 21,000 records in its first week. It is the last album to feature drummer Daniel Davison. For this album they filmed videos for "Blueprints for Future Homes", and "Songs Sound Much Sadder". Shannon Crawford, the singer of Cellophane and Monster in the Machine, painted the album artwork.
Quaternary science is the study which represents the systematic study of the Quaternary Period commonly known as the ice age.  The Quaternary Period is a time period that started around 2.6 million years ago until today. They are formed by the two epochs – Pleistocene Epoch and the Holocene Epoch. The aim of Quaternary science is to understand everything that had happened during the Pleistocene Epoch and the Holocene Epoch to be able to acquire fundamental knowledge about our environment, ecosystem, climate changes, etc. Most Quaternary scientists studied the history of Quaternary to predict the upcoming or future changes in climate. Quaternary science was first studied during the nineteenth century by Georges Cuvier, a French scientist.
One of the fields in science which Quaternary science plays a vital role in, was the field of archaeology. In this area, Quaternary science has provided a possible accurate human studies' framework which would help the archaeologists interpret archaeological records. Moreover, according to several researches, Quaternary science has influenced our life more than we’ve ever known. For example, the changes in climate have caused many species to adapt themselves to survive.
Isoceras bipunctatum is a moth in the family Cossidae. It was described by Staudinger in 1887. It is found in Georgia, Azerbaijan, Turkey, Iran, Lebanon, Jordan, Syria, Israel and Iraq.
François-André Danican Philidor (7 September 1726 – 31 August 1795), often referred to as André Danican Philidor during his lifetime, was a French composer and chess player. He contributed to the early development of the opéra comique. He is  regarded as the best chess player of his age; his book Analyse du jeu des Échecs was considered a standard chess manual for at least a century. A well-known chess opening and a checkmate method are both named after him.
United Nations Security Council resolution 675, adopted unanimously on 5 November 1990, after recalling resolutions 637 (1989) and 644 (1989), the Council endorsed a report by the Secretary-General and decided to extend the mandate of the United Nations Observer Group in Central America for a further six months until 7 May 1991.
The resolution noted the need to remain vigilant of the financial costs of the Observer Group, given the increased demand on United Nations peacekeeping forces. It also requested the Secretary-General to report back before the end of the current mandate on all aspects of the Observer Group.
Paul Steven Dobson MC was the first member of the British Armed Forces below Warrant Officer rank to be awarded the Military Cross after the abolition of the Military Medal in 1993 and the extension of the Military Cross to all ranks.
Dobson was a Corporal in the 1st Battalion, Prince of Wales's Own Regiment of Yorkshire when he was honoured in 1994 for his service in Bosnia in 1993. He acted as a human shield while Bosnian civilians were being evacuated from a burning apartment block under sniper fire.
Lev Nikolaevich Pyshnov (Russian: Лев Николаевич Пышнов, Lev Nikolayevich Pyshnov) (11 October [O.S. 29 September] 1891 – 28 May 1959) was a Ukrainian-born pianist and composer, who made his home in the United Kingdom and whose career was largely in the West, from the 1920s onwards. He was especially associated with performances of the works of Frédéric Chopin, though he also played works by Franz Schubert, Robert Schumann, and Franz Liszt. His was among the earliest recordings of Schubert's Sonata in G major, D 894, made for English Columbia around 1928.
Fox Movietone Follies of 1929, also known as Movietone Follies of 1929 and The William Fox Movietone Follies of 1929, is a black-and-white and color American musical film released by Fox Film Corporation.
Golhar (Persian: گلهر) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 685, in 115 families.
Jules Henri Saiset  (July 11, 1925 – July 12, 1995) was a French existentialist philosopher, dramatist, novelist, and critic.
Saiset was born in Paris.  When he was 15 months old, his father died of a fever.
Valle Crucis Abbey (Valley of the Cross) is a Cistercian abbey located in Llantysilio in Denbighshire, Wales. More formally the Abbey Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Valle Crucis it is known in Welsh both as Abaty Glyn Egwestl and Abaty Glyn y Groes.
The abbey was built in 1201 by Madog ap Gruffydd Maelor, Prince of Powys Fadog. Valle Crucis was dissolved in 1537 during the Dissolution of the Monasteries, and subsequently fell into serious disrepair. The building is now a ruin, though large parts of the original structure still survive. Valle Crucis Abbey is now under the care of Cadw. The abbey received 5,690 visitors in 2018.
Mai Kondo (近藤 真衣, Kondō Mai, born 4 April 1992) is a Japanese ice hockey player for Mikage Gretz and the Japanese national team. She participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.Kondo competed at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Paracomitas undosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
The 1914 Bucknell football team was an American football team that represented Bucknell University as an independent during the 1914 college football season. In its first and only season under head coach George Cockill, the team compiled a 4–4–1 record.
Elder Pastitsios (Greek: Γέρων/Γέροντας Παστίτσιος, romanized: Géron/Gérontas Pastítsios) is a satirical figure of a fictitious monk who first appeared in a Facebook page. The satire is mostly based on the famous Greek Orthodox monk Elder Paisios, with his name and face substituted by pastitsio—a local pasta and béchamel sauce dish, thus combining Greek Orthodox and  Pastafarian imagery. The page ran for about a year until it was closed down after the arrest of its creator for blasphemy on September 21, 2012. The case, which started as a Facebook flame, reached the Greek Parliament twice and created a strong local as well as international political impact.
David John Denzil Davies   (9 October 1938 – 10 October 2018) was a British Labour politician. He served for 35 years as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Llanelli from 1970 to 2005, and was a member of the Privy Council.
HIStory (pronounced "his story") is a Taiwanese anthology streaming television series created by Chang Ting-fei for Choco TV and Line TV. Each season presents stand-alone stories with different plots and main characters focusing on the theme of boys' love, also known as BL. The first season premiered on February 14, 2017.
The series has accumulated a large international following and is well-received by critics. In Taiwan, the series hit 3.5 million views after the first three months of release, and 16.5 million views by the end of the second season. HIStory is the first Taiwanese web drama to air on Japanese television, with the first season premiering on Japan's Nippon TV on July 31, 2017. On July 2, 2018, the series had its primetime television debut in Taiwan through CTS, airing the first two seasons back-to-back throughout the month. Season two's HIStory2: Crossing the Line received critical acclaim for its characterization, directing, and acting, earning a Golden Bell nomination for Best Miniseries. Its film sequel, Crossover (跨界) was announced on August 17, 2018, but was cancelled due to adjustment of content strategy due to the COVID-19 pandemic, subsequently announcing the fourth season being under works.
Benzenetricarboxylic acid is a group of chemical compounds which are tricarboxylic derivatives of benzene. Benzenetricarboxylic acid comes in three isomers:
All isomers share the molecular weight 210.14 g/mol and the chemical formula C9H6O6.
Moshe Alafi (born March 3, 1966) is an Israeli producer, director, and creator.
The Federation of Public Service and Health Service Staff (French: Fédération des personnels des Services Publics et des Services de Santé, FSPS) is a trade union representing public and health service workers in France.
In 1948, the executive of the Public Services Federation voted in favour of remaining affiliated to the General Confederation of Labour (CGT).  As a result, the minority, led by general secretary Raymond Bomal, left and formed a new union, affiliated to Workers' Force.  It also affiliated to the Public Services International.By 1995, the union had 80,250 members, and by 2017, this had grown to a claimed 135,000.
The 2021–22 Israeli Premier League, also known as Ligat Tel Aviv Stock Exchange for sponsorship reasons, will be the 22nd season since its introduction in 1999 and the 80th season of top-tier football in Israel.
Robert Hatem (Arabic: روبير حاتم, born c. 1956), known by his code name Cobra, (named after his personal pistol), is a Lebanese former bodyguard and head of security of the Lebanese Forces leader Elie Hobeika, and who later moved to France as a political refugee where he published his scandalous book From Israel to Damascus.  His book caused so much controversy within the Lebanese political realm to the point it was banned from being published and distributed in Lebanon. The book focuses on Hobeika’s role as a militia leader during the civil war, including corruption and his role in the Sabra and Shatila operation.
Calathus longicollis is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Bulgaria, Greece, Russia, Armenia, Cyprus, Georgia, Israel, Lebanon and Turkey.
Airmont is a village in the town of Ramapo, Rockland County, New York, United States, located north of the state of New Jersey, east of Suffern, south of Montebello, and west of Chestnut Ridge. The population was 8,628 at the 2010 census.
The village of Airmont, incorporated in 1991, is a consolidation of the hamlets of Tallman, Airmont and South Monsey. Joseph Berger of The New York Times wrote in a 1997 article that Airmont was one of several Ramapo villages formed "to preserve the sparse Better Homes and Garden [sic] ambiance that attracted them to Rockland County." In 2005, Peter Applebome of The New York Times said that Airmont was "slapped around enough by the courts to be something other than a virginal player in any discrimination case" since it ran into legal resistance to its development laws.
Kong Hongxing (Chinese: 孔洪星, born February 12, 1992) is a Chinese Sanshou kickboxer training out of the Shaolin Tagou Martial Arts School. Aside from being one of China's most decorated Sanda athletes, he is also notable for having an upset victory over the Muay Thai legend Saenchai.
Paul John Kevin Mooney (born 15 October 1976) is a former Irish cricketer.A member of the successful North County, Mooney is a medium-pace bowler and competent lower-order batsman. He first appeared for Ireland in 1998 against Marylebone Cricket Club at Lurgan. While he has so many achievements he has one downfall he lives in the shadow of his legendary, god like younger brother John Mooney. (cricketer)|John]].
Mooney has often reserved his best efforts at international level for fixtures involving more exalted opposition, most notably against Zimbabwe at Clontarf in June 2000, when he removed both Andy and Grant Flower for nought in the process of contributing 4-24 to Ireland's forlorn defence of a meagre total. Three years later, Mooney's 2-19 was a crucial component of Ireland's 10-wicket victory over the same opposition at Stormont. He also featured in Ireland's historic victory over the West Indies at the Belfast venue in June 2004, when three valuable wickets mitigated the 67 runs Mooney surrendered off his ten overs.
Mooney, a survivor of Ireland's disastrous 2001 ICC Trophy campaign in Canada (where his 4-17 against Bermuda emerged as a rare highlight of a catastrophic tour), featured in all six matches at the 2005 event, which Ireland hosted. An integral member of the formidable bowling unit which served Ireland so well, Mooney took eight wickets at 25.12 (including 3-10 against Uganda) as Ireland claimed the runners-up position and consequent qualification for the 2007 Cricket World Cup. Mooney has been named in the Irish squad which will challenge Pakistan, Zimbabwe, and the West Indian hosts in Group D of the competition. As of September 2006, he has appeared in one ODI against England.
On 20 April 2007, after Ireland's campaign in the 2007 World Cup, where he played one match in the tournament and the team qualified for the super eights, Mooney announced his retirement from cricket at the age of 30. Looking back at his career for Ireland, he said "I have been fortunate to have represented Ireland for ten years now, and during that period I have had some of the best times and experiences of my life".From 2008-10, he was the head coach of a cricket club in Christchurch, New Zealand.
The name Anne has been used for one tropical cyclone in the South Pacific Ocean for one extratropical European windstorm.
Cyclone Anne (1988) – a Category 4 severe tropical cyclone (Australian intensity scale) that caused extensive damage in Vanuatu, the Solomon Islands and New Caledonia.In Europe:
Toquepala Airport (ICAO: SPTQ) is a high-elevation airport serving the mining village of Toquepala in the Tacna Region of Peru. The runway has nearby high terrain in all quadrants.
Koliwad is a village in the Hubli taluk of Dharwad district in the state of Karnataka, India. Koliwad is the birthplace of Kumaravyasa.
Telco-OTT (Over-The-Top) is where a telecommunications service provider delivers one or more services across an IP network. The IP networks is predominantly the public internet although sometimes telco cloud run services delivered via a corporation's existing IP-VPN from another provider, as opposed to the carrier's own access network. It embraces a variety of telco services including communications (e.g. voice and messaging), content (e.g. TV and music) and cloud-based (e.g. compute and storage) offerings.Stimulated by the availability of high performance fixed and mobile broadband networks as well as the rapid adoption of smartphones and tablet computers, telco-OTT is viewed by a selection of industry analysts and media commentators as the mechanism that mobile network operators need to employ in order to compete with the vast and growing range of over-the-top (OTT) services provided by non-telco companies.Telco-OTT is a response to the fact that users will have multiple devices (smartphones, laptops or other connected devices such as TVs, games consoles)  which almost inevitably will have various different access providers (especially with the growth of public-access Wi-Fi). So to deliver consistent telco-branded services, at some points at least, they will need to be delivered over 3rd-party access.
The term was first coined by telecoms industry analyst Dean Bubley who first published a report on it in February 2012, but first used the term in a June 2011 presentation he gave at the eComm conference in SF.
Joseph Augustus Seiss (March 18, 1823 – June 20, 1904) was an American theologian and Lutheran minister. He was known for his religious writings on pyramidology and dispensationalism.
Dipodium paludosum is an terrestrial orchid species that is native to south-east Asia . It occurs in Cambodia, Thailand, Vietnam, the Philippines, Sumatra, Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo. The leaves up to 30 cm long and 2.5 cm wide. The axillary racemes comprise 6 to 12 fleshy flowers which are each up to 4 cm wide and are cream with purple-magenta spots.The species was formally described in 1851 by British botanist William Griffith who gave it the name Grammatophyllum paludosum. Griffith had collected the plant from swampy upland in Malacca, growing in association with Nepenthes species. It was transferred to the genus Dipodium by German botanist Heinrich Gustav Reichenbach in 1862.
Middle Cape  is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality on Cape Breton Island.
Igrejinha (Portuguese pronunciation: [igɾe'ʒiɲɐ] — little church in Portuguese) is a municipality located in the Serra Gaúcha of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. It is also located in the metropolitan area of Porto Alegre; home to the Morro Alto da Pedra and the regional park Parque Alto da Pedra.  The city has approximately 37,000 inhabitants and sits about 82 km (about 51 miles) from the capital city of the state, Porto Alegre.
The European Tree of the Year is an annual contest held to find the most 'loveable tree' in Europe.The contest is held by the Environmental Partnership Association (EPA), an organization supported by the European Land Owners Association and the European Commission.
Dereiçi is a village in the District of Gercüş, Batman Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 44  people.
Lorenzo State Historic Site is a mansion built by Colonel John Lincklaen, founder of the village of Cazenovia, New York. Colonel Linklaen was the agent of the Holland Land Company upon whose recommendation the Company purchased the 135,000-acre (55,000 ha) tract of land where the village grew.  The painted brick mansion, begun in 1807 and completed in 1809, overlooks Cazenovia Lake.  It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in July 1970.  Located on the grounds is the separately listed Rippleton Schoolhouse.
Vladimir Ivanovich Romanov (Russian: Владимир Иванович Романов; 5 December 1950 – 12 October 2006), known as The Kaliningrad Maniac (Russian: Калининградский маньяк), was a Soviet-Russian serial killer, rapist and pedophile. Between 1991 and 2005, he committed at least 12 murders associated with rape.
Jisa-ye Danial (Persian: جيسادانيال, also Romanized as Jīsā-ye Dānīāl; also known as Jīsā) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District, Kelarabad District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 50 families.
Wendebach Reservoir (German: Wendebachstausee) is an artificial lake with a surrounding recreation park (Erholungspark Wendebach) in the municipalities of Gleichen and Friedland, Lower Saxony, Germany, about 8 km south of Göttingen. It is a popular summer outing goal for residents and students of Göttingen. There is a swimming beach and dock. In addition, there are some park facilities such as a first-aid post, grills, a food stall and outhouses. The reservoir is used by anglers.The reservoir was created in 1973 by the damming of the Wendebach stream, a tributary of the Leine, with an earth dam.  Original work on this flood control project began in 1967. Its surface area is up to 8.5 hectares.
In the summer of 2010, the Ministry for the Environment announced that the reservoir does not provide flood protection and that the dam is unstable and must be removed. Nevertheless, after political pressure, the situation was re-evaluated, and a removal of the top part of the dam has been declared adequate when combined with some re-building. As a result, the reservoir will be retained. The reworking of the dam ran from 2014 into 2015.  The facility was re-opened to the public on 7 June 2016.
Cornwall is a Celtic nation with a long musical history . Strengthened by a series of 20th century revivals, traditional folk music has a popular following. It is accompanied by traditions of pipers, brass and silver bands, male voice choirs, classical, electronic and popular music.
Piezocera monochroa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1885.
The Underground Tapes is the debut studio album by Canadian rapper Saukrates, which was released June 22, 1999 in the United States through independent labels Serious Entertainment and Capitol Hill Music. In late summer 1999, the album was re-released in Canada with six additional tracks. Production was handled by Saukrates, Mr. Attic, Mike Caren, and Day. Three songs from the album—"Innovations", "Play Dis (99 Remix)", and "Rollin"—are remixes. The only single from the album was "Money or Love", which was nominated for a Juno Award in 2000.
Mike Shinoda, the co-vocalist of Linkin Park, designed the album cover, as it was shown in the band's first documentary DVD called Frat Party at the Pankake Festival, which was released on November 20, 2001, from a short video clip entitled "Mike & Joe's Art" that can be seen from the "Special Features" menu.
David G. Deininger (born July 9, 1947) is a retired Republican politician and jurist from Wisconsin. He served as a judge on the Wisconsin Court of Appeals for eleven years, from 1996 to 2007, and now serves as a reserve judge.  He was the first chairman of the Wisconsin Government Accountability Board, appointed by Democratic Governor Jim Doyle.  Earlier in his career, he served three and a half terms in the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing parts of Green and Rock counties, and was a Wisconsin Circuit Court Judge in Green County.
The men's heavyweight competition Judo at the 2015 Summer Universiade in Gwangju was held on 5 July at the Yeomju Bitgoeul Gymnasium.
The Last Billionaire (French: Le dernier milliardaire)  is a 1934 French comedy film directed by René Clair and starring Max Dearly, Marthe Mellot and Renée Saint-Cyr. The film is based on a fictional small European kingdom which is on the verge of going broke.
It was shot at the Joinville Studios in Paris. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Lucien Aguettand and Lucien Carré. It was the last film Clair made in France until 1947, as he moved to Britain and then the United States.
Kerala Public Works Department (KPWD) is a department under the government of the state of Kerala, India. It manages the construction and maintenance of civil structures owned by the government viz; government buildings, government owned hospitals (part of the public health system), roads, bridges etc. The KPWD was formed in 1956 following reorganization of states.
Canada Steamship Lines Ltd v R [1952] UKPC 1 is a Canadian contract law case, also relevant for English contract law, concerning the interpretation of unfair terms contra proferentem.  The case was decided by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council on appeal from the Supreme Court of Canada, as the cause for appeal arose before the abolition of such appeals in 1949.  Although arising in civil law under the Civil Code of Lower Canada, it has been influential in similar cases under English law.
Schlieren (Zürich German Schlierä) is a municipality in the district of Dietikon in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
Angie Rebecchi is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Lesley Baker. She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 17 January 1995. Angie departed in 1996, but she returned for several weeks in 2002, then for her youngest son, Toadie's wedding to Dee Bliss in 2003. The following year, Angie made another brief visit and she made a cameo in the 20th anniversary episode, which was broadcast in July 2005. The character returned again in 2006 and 2008. Baker reprised the role in February 2013, and again in August 2015. After a brief appearance in the Summer Stories webisodes in January 2017, Angie made guest returns in April, December 2017, 12 February 2018 and 11 March 2019.
The phon is a logarithmic unit of loudness level for tones and complex sounds. Loudness is measured in sone which is a linear unit. Human sensitivity to sound is variable across different frequencies; therefore, although two different tones may present an identical sound pressure to a human ear, they may be psychoacoustically perceived as differing in loudness. The purpose of the phon is to provide a logarithmic measurement (like decibels) for perceived sound magnitude, while the primary loudness standard methods result in a linear representation. A sound with a loudness of 1 sone is judged equally loud as a 1 kHz tone with a sound pressure level of 40 decibels above 20 micropascal.  The phon is psychophysically matched to a reference frequency of 1 kHz. In other words, the phon matches the sound pressure level (SPL) in decibels of a similarly perceived 1 kHz pure tone. For instance, if a sound is perceived to be equal in intensity to a 1 kHz tone with an SPL of 50 dB, then it has a loudness of 50 phons, regardless of its physical properties. The phon was proposed in DIN 45631 and ISO 532 B by Stanley Smith Stevens.
John Tombes (c.1603? – 22 May 1676) was an English clergyman of Presbyterian and Baptist views.
Karen Taylor-Good (born Karen Berke in El Paso, Texas) is an American singer-songwriter, and one half of the duo
StoweGood. Taylor-Good and her then-husband, Bill Taylor, started the Mesa Records label in 1982. Her first single, "Diamond in the Rough," reached the Top 40 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart early that year. Taylor-Good was nominated for Best New Female Vocalist at the 1984 Academy of Country Music Awards. After Mesa Records folded in 1986, she sang jingles for Taco Bell, United Airlines and Peter Pan Peanut Butter.Taylor-Good became a Warner/Chappell Music songwriter in 1992. She wrote Top 5 songs for Patty Loveless ("How Can I Help You Say Goodbye") and Collin Raye ("Not That Different"). In 1996, she was named SESAC Songwriter of the Year. Her songs have since been recorded by Diamond Rio, Laura Branigan and Melissa Manchester.She wrote a book, On Angel's Wings, and has produced eight CDs of her original material. Taylor-Good has presented her "musical keynotes" to many groups, including The American Business Women's Association, The National Hospice Foundation, and Lions Clubs International.
In 2011, Karen became part of the songwriting/performing duo, StoweGood, with author, hit songwriter, cancer survivor & sister-from-another-mister, Stowe Dailey. Stowe & Karen have written many, many tear and laugh-inducing songs which are available on their two studio albums, "Love Lives On" and "Beautiful Brokenness" and on their YouTube channel, https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1cWSjUfI3NKfi8hZSOfoRQ. They share concerts and facilitate healing retreats across the US, Canada, Mexico, Ireland and the UK.
As of 2020, Karen is living in Nashville with her husband of 38 years, Dennis Good, and her daughter Rachael Good.
Ferdinand Keller, or von Keller (5 August 1842 – 8 July 1922) was a German genre and history painter.
The team physician for a sports team is the physician who is in charge of coordinating the medical staff and medical services for a sports team. They are also subject to activities involving team building The goal of a team physician is to improve performance and overall health. The physician is trained in Orthopedic surgery, Internal Medicine, Family Medicine, or Emergency Medicine. He or she also focuses on injury prevention with nutrition and activity to improve support in athletic activities. Requirements to become a team physician include four years of undergraduate study, four years of medical school, four to five years of medical residency, and one year of fellowship training.
Samuel Parr (26 January 1747 – 6 March 1825), was an English schoolmaster, writer, minister and Doctor of Law. He was known in his time for political writing, and (flatteringly) as "the Whig Johnson", though his reputation has lasted less well than Samuel Johnson's, and the resemblances were at a superficial level; Parr was no prose stylist, even if he was an influential literary figure. A prolific correspondent, he kept up with many of his pupils, and involved himself widely in intellectual and political life.
David Vinagre Cristina (born 1978, in Portimão) is a Portuguese humorist, stand-up comedian, storyteller, podcaster, radio and television personality, corporate executive, entrepreneur, stock investor and investment consultant, with a PhD on the field of genetics of ageing (University of California, San Francisco) and specialization in venture capital and private equity investing. Besides his extensive activity on Portuguese radio and television as a humorist, comedian and host, David Vinagre Cristina is the executive director for investments at the Lisbon branch of Fosun International and was investment consultant of Portugal's state-run venture capital and early-stage investing arm Portugal Ventures from 2015 to 2017 and member of government cabinet after has been appointed adviser of the Portuguese Secretary of State for Science from 2011 to 2015 in the XIX Constitutional Government of Portugal.
Hortonia is a town in Outagamie County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,097 at the 2010 census.
Minuscule 482 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1017 (in the Soden numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. It is dated by a colophon to the year 1285 (altered to 985).Scrivener labelled it by number 570. The manuscript has complex context, but faded in parts. The text exhibits more numerous and bolder textual variants than usual manuscripts of the four Gospels. Marginal apparatus is given fully.
The manuscript was written by an inaccurate copyist, who made a large number of errors. Liturgical books, Synaxarion and Menologion, were added by a later hand.
The Joint BioEnergy Institute (JBEI) is a research institute funded by the United States Department of Energy. JBEI is led by the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, and includes participation from the Sandia National Laboratory, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, as well as UC Berkeley, UC Davis, Iowa State University, and the Carnegie Institute. JBEI is located in Emeryville, California.
The goal of The Joint BioEnergy Institute is to develop biofuels, bio-synthesized from lignin derived from corn stover, sorghum and other plant feedstocks (see second generation biofuels) as an alternative to fossil fuels. Additionally, there are efforts to produce bio-based chemicals derived from the deconstruction of lignocellulosic biomass to create bio-based polymers and other commodities such as perfumes, dietary supplements as well as other high-end products. The goal is to use these bio-based chemicals to help finance the change in infrastructure from petroleum fuels to biofuels.
JBEI functions as an incubator for scientific discovery bringing together the best and brightest researchers from around the country and the globe.
Inside JBEI's Emeryville laboratories, five interlocking scientific divisions–Life-cycle, Economics and Agronomy; Feedstocks; Deconstruction; Biofuels and Bioproducts; and Technology–bring the sunlight-to-biofuels/bioproducts pipeline under one roof.
JBEI represents a departure from traditional research institutions that specialize in a single field. Here, an inter-disciplinary team of some 160-plus scientists, post doctoral researchers and graduate students combine their expertise and collaborate to develop genetic, biological, computational and robotic technologies to accelerate the process of discovery.
JBEI researchers are developing scientific breakthroughs to produce clean, sustainable, carbon-neutral biofuels and bioproducts.
An inter-disciplinary team of scientists is using the latest techniques in molecular biology, chemical and genetic engineering to develop new biological systems, processes and technologies to convert biomass to biofuels and bioproducts.
In the lab, JBEI researchers are engineering microbes to transform sugars into energy-rich fuels that can directly replace petroleum-derived gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. Advanced biofuels can also be dropped into today's engines and infrastructures with no loss of performance.
Harnessing the solar energy in biomass  from grasses and other non-edible plants could meet much of the nation's annual transportation energy needs without contributing to global climate change.
Transtillaspis bascanion is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Peru.
Antonio Branca (15 September 1916, Sion, Switzerland – 10 May 1985, Sierre, Switzerland) was a Formula One driver from Switzerland who competed in three World Championship races. His motor racing career was allegedly financed by an admiring Belgian countess, the Vicomtesse de Walkiers. Branca mainly competed in privately owned Maserati 4CLT, in Formula One and Two races.
Branca made his Formula One debut at the 1950 Swiss Grand Prix, finishing 11th, and  briefly led the non-championship Formula One race in Circuit des Nations at Geneva in a Simca-Gordini. He scored a number of top-six placings in other minor races, his best finish being fourth at a Formula Two race at the Aix les Bains Circuit du Lac, before entering the Belgian Grand Prix and finishing in 10th place. Branca continued to race in 1951, retiring from the Formula One German Grand Prix and finishing sixth in the non-championship Pescara Grand Prix, but finished competing in Grand Prix racing at the end of the year.Branca competed at a lower level until the mid-1950s, racing in hillclimbs and participated twice in the 24 Hours of Le Mans race. Racing with a Moretti 750cc, in 1955 the car was not ready and could not be brought to the starting line at the time of the start, and in 1956 the car broke down before his turn behind the steering wheel.
Henry Edgarton Allen (December 14, 1864 – December 28, 1924) was a Canadian politician and merchant. He was elected in 1908 to the House of Commons of Canada as a member of the Liberal Party representing the riding of Shefford.
The 28th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Heicon '70, was held on 20–24 August 1970 at the Stadthalle Heidelberg in Heidelberg, West Germany.
Manfred Kage eventually became Heicon's convention chairman, the last of more than a dozen fans who briefly held the position during the convention's rocky organizational period.
Demetria Devonne Lovato ( lə-VAH-toh; born August 20, 1992) is an American singer, songwriter, and actor. After appearing on the children's television series Barney & Friends (2002–2004), Lovato rose to prominence for playing Mitchie Torres in the musical television film Camp Rock (2008) and its sequel Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam (2010); the former film's soundtrack contained "This Is Me", Lovato's debut single and duet with Joe Jonas, which peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100.
After signing with Hollywood Records, Lovato released their pop rock debut album, Don't Forget (2008), which debuted at number two on the Billboard 200. Its follow-up, Here We Go Again (2009), debuted at number one in the U.S., while its title track reached number 15 on the Hot 100. Lovato's third studio album, Unbroken (2011), experimented with pop and R&B and spawned the U.S. platinum-certified single "Skyscraper". They released their eponymous fourth album in 2013, which debuted at number three on the Billboard 200, and contained the top-ten international hit "Heart Attack". Lovato's fifth and sixth albums, Confident (2015) and Tell Me You Love Me (2017), infused soul and mature themes; they earned a Grammy Award nomination for Confident, while "Sorry Not Sorry", the lead single from Tell Me You Love Me, became their highest-charting single in the U.S., reaching number six. After a hiatus, Lovato released their seventh album, Dancing with the Devil... the Art of Starting Over (2021), which reached number two on the Billboard 200.
On television, Lovato has starred as the titular character on the sitcom Sonny with a Chance (2009–2011), served as a judge on the music competition series The X Factor USA for its second and third seasons, and appeared as a recurring character on the musical comedy Glee (2013–2014) and the sitcom Will & Grace (2020). They also starred in the television drama film Princess Protection Program (2009), the animated comedy film Smurfs: The Lost Village (2017), and the musical comedy Eurovision Song Contest: The Story of Fire Saga (2020).
Lovato has sold over 24 million records in the United States and has also received numerous accolades, including an MTV Video Music Award, 14 Teen Choice Awards, five People's Choice Awards, two Latin American Music Awards, a Guinness World Record, and was included on the Time 100 annual list in 2017. An activist for several social causes, Lovato's struggles with an eating disorder and substance abuse have received considerable media attention, in response to which they published the self-help memoir Staying Strong: 365 Days a Year (2013) and released the documentaries Demi Lovato: Simply Complicated (2017) and Demi Lovato: Dancing with the Devil (2021).
General Samuel Jones (December 17, 1819 – July 31, 1887) was a major general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. At the midpoint of the war, he commanded the Department of Western Virginia, defending the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad and the vital salt mines. Later he commanded the district of South Carolina.
Hardball squash is a format of the indoor racquet sport squash which was first developed in North America in the late 19th century and early 20th century.  It is sometimes referred to as being the "American version" of the sport. Compared to the "British version" of the game – which today is usually referred to as being the "international" version, or "softball" squash – the hardball game is played using a harder rubber ball which plays faster, and usually on a smaller court for singles play, or a much larger court for the doubles game.
Records of squash being played in Canada go back to the early 1880s.  There it was found that the softer squash balls being used in Britain were not ideally suited to playing in the extremely cold conditions of the Canadian winter, and so a harder rubber ball was developed.  It was quickly discovered that this ball was better suited to playing on slightly narrower courts than were used in the British version of the game. As the popularity of the game spread around Canada, the United States and Mexico, court specifications were codified. In 1924, it was decided to standardize the court width for the hardball games at 18+1⁄2 feet (5.6 m), with a 'tin' at the bottom of the front wall which was 17 inches (430 mm) high – whereas the British version of the game was played on a 21-foot-wide court (6.4 m), with a 19-inch 'tin' (480 mm). By 1929, official court plans were being sold by the United States Squash Racquets Association (USSRA) (now called U.S. Squash), and the hardball game was brought into controlled growth.Hardball squash was largely the only form of the game played in North America until the 1980s. Growing exposure to the international version of the game then led to many clubs in North America building 21-foot-wide courts (6.4 m), and the "soft" ball being used on wide and narrow courts. Additionally, the USSRA recognised a 20-foot width (6.1 m) as being acceptable for playing the international version (this width being derived from an increasing trend of converting racquetball courts for squash play). By the mid-1990s, the vast majority of squash players in North America had switched to playing the international version of the game. In 1996, 80% of squash ball sales in the United States were of the international-format balls.Though hardball squash is no longer a very popular game for singles play, the hardball doubles game continues to thrive. Hardball doubles is played on a court measuring 45 ft long (14 m) and 25 ft wide (7.6 m). Hardball doubles differs from singles in that the game is played up to 15 points and you do not have to win by 2 points. The strategy in hardball doubles differs from singles as well; where in singles squash the strategy is to keep the ball on the side wall, hardball doubles strategy is based on hitting attacking cross-court shots to move your 2 opponents around the court to create an opening to score.
Li Tiantian (李甜甜) is a Chinese sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s. She won the silver medal in the C-1 200 m event at the 2010 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Poznań.
Henry Youle Hind (1 June 1823 – 8 August 1908) was a Canadian geologist and explorer. He was born in Nottingham, England and immigrated to Canada, settling in Toronto, Ontario in 1846. Hind led expeditions to explore the Canadian prairies in 1857 and 1858. In 1857, he explored the Red and Assiniboine River valleys, and in 1858, the Assiniboine, Souris, Qu'Appelle, and South Saskatchewan River valleys.  The expeditions are described in his reports Narrative of the Canadian Red River Exploring Expedition of 1857 and Reports of Progress on the Assiniboine and Saskatchewan Exploring Expedition. Hind's activities changed perceptions of the North West and helped open up the Canadian Prairies for agriculture settlement.
The Japan Economic Foundation (JEF, 国際経済交流財団 Kokusai Keizai Kōryū Zaidan) is an organization which describes itself as promoting economic and technological exchanges between Japan and other countries. Its head office is on the 11th floor of the Jiji Press Building (時事通信ビル Jiji Tsūshin Biru) in Ginza, Chuo, Tokyo. Previously its head office was on the 11th floor in the Fukoku Seimei Building (富国生命ビル Fukoku Seimei Biru) in Uchisaiwai-cho, Chiyoda, Tokyo.
It was established in 1981. The Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) established the agency as a way of reducing the size of its budget since it anticipated a reduction in its subsidies. Malcolm Trevor, author of Japan - Restless Competitor: The Pursuit of Economic Nationalism, wrote that because leadership roster included Shoichi Akazawa (赤澤 璋一 Akazawa Shōichi), Naohiro Amaya, and Minoru Masuda (益田 実 Masuda Minoru), its publications would be de facto government publications even if they are not presented as such.
Kodi Jerome Augustus (born November 2, 1987) is an American former professional basketball player. He played college basketball for Mississippi State.
Lester E. Lane (March 6, 1932 – September 5, 1973) was an American basketball player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Lane was born in Purcell, Oklahoma, which after his death, renamed Fourth street south of Main Street in his honor, as "Lester Lane." He was part of the American basketball team, which won the gold medal in 1960. In the spring of 1973 he was named head basketball coach at the University of Oklahoma, but never held a practice as he died of a heart attack during a pick-up game later that year.
Lane was the head coach for the Mexico men's national basketball team led by Carlos Quintanar in the 1968 Summer Olympics
What the Snow Brings (雪に願うこと, Yuki ni Negau Koto) is a 2005 Japanese drama film directed by Kichitaro Negishi and based on a novel by Shō Narumi.
A Thing of Magic is a Marathi feature-film written, directed and produced by Nithin Anil.
Craig Wharton Wadsworth (January 12, 1872 – May 20, 1960) was a diplomat, steeplechase rider, and member of Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders.
Harni Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Tuljapur, Osmanabad district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Parndorf Plain (German: Parndorfer Platte, Hungarian: Parndorfi-fennsík, Pándorfalvi-fennsík, Slovak: Parndorfská plošina) also called Parndorf Heath (German: Parndorfer Heide) in the northern part of Burgenland, Austria, at an altitude of 160–180 m, area approx. 200 square kilometres (77 sq mi), with terraced gravel deposited by the River Danube during the Ice Age, situated between Lake Neusiedl and the Leitha Mountains in the southwest and Lower Leitha in the northeast. An almost treeless plain, it is about 30 metres (98 ft) higher than its surroundings, without any rivers or streams. Partly heath land with Pannonian flora and partly arable land. Wine growing on the steep loess slopes facing Lake Neusiedl. All towns are situated at the foot of the scarps. Large-scale dairy farming. 
The East railway line and the A4 autobahn (opened in Autumn 1994) run through the Parndorf plain. Draw-wells give the landscape a puszta character; Roman roads.
Parndorf Plain is among the windiest areas in inland Europe. The almost continuous reign of the north-easterly wind is occasionally interrupted by a gusty south-easterly. On the plain of the Parndorfer Platte the biggest modern wind farms in Austria have been set up.
Trichomycterus chungaraensis is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Chile, where it is found in the streams around Lake Chungará. This species grows to a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in).
U1 small nuclear ribonucleoprotein C is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SNRPC gene.
The 1951–52 season was the 49th season of competitive football in Belgium. RFC Liégeois won their 4th Premier Division title. This was the last season before the 1952 reform of the national competitions. From the next season on, a new level of football was introduced to the league system. The divisions were also renamed, with the top level being named Division I (one league of 16 teams), the second level Division II (one league of 16 teams), the 3rd level Division III (2 leagues of 16 teams each) and the lowest level remaining the Promotion (4 leagues of 16 teams each). The Belgium national football team played 6 friendly games (3 wins, 3 losses).
Leo Cahill (July 30, 1928 – February 15, 2018) was a Canadian head coach and general manager in the Canadian Football League, much of it spent with the Toronto Argonauts.
Vortigern and Rowena, or Vortigern, an Historical Play, is a play that was touted as a newly discovered work by William Shakespeare when it first appeared in 1796. It was eventually revealed to be a Shakespeare hoax, the product of prominent forger William Henry Ireland. Its first performance was on 2 April 1796, when it was ridiculed by the audience. Its titular protagonists, Vortigern and Rowena, are figures from Britain's traditional history.
Taavet Avarmaa (also David Akermann; 22 September 1900 Tahkuranna Parish (now Häädemeeste Parish), Kreis Pernau – 1 October 1982 Haapsalu) was an Estonian lawyer and politician. He was a member of Estonian National Assembly (Estonian: Rahvuskogu).
Kaleje [kaˈlɛjɛ] (German: Karlsruh) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Śrem and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
University of Massachusetts Global (UMass Global), formerly known as Brandman University, is a private nonprofit university with 25 campuses throughout California and Washington and a virtual campus. The university offers more than 90 degree, certificate, credential and professional programs for working adults. Brandman was a separate, regionally-accredited university within the Chapman University system. In September 2021, Brandman separated from the Chapman University system, and formed a new affiliation with the University of Massachusetts, UMass Global. UMass Global retained its regional accreditation from the WASC Senior College and University Commission. Gary Brahm is the appointed chancellor of the university.
Mihail C. Vlădescu (25 April 1865 – 1944) was a Romanian botanist and politician.
Born in Câmpulung, his parents Constantin and Bălașa were intellectuals. After being educated by private tutors, he went to Paris for his high school degree before enrolling in the natural sciences faculty at the University of Paris in 1885. After a period of specialization at the University of Würzburg, he obtained a doctorate of science from the Sorbonne in 1889. His thesis dealt with stem development in Selaginella species and was supervised by Gaston Bonnier. He married Maria Anastasescu in 1897. In 1888, he was named professor of botany at Iași University, where he took over a course temporarily taught by Nicolae Leon. In 1890, he held a lecture at the university in which he advocated for evolutionist ideas and defended Darwinism. His students included Sava Athanasiu, Ioan Gh. Botez, Dimitrie Călugăreanu, Constantin Motaș and Ion Th. Simionescu. In 1895, following the death of Dimitrie Brândză, he was transferred to the University of Bucharest, also as botany professor.In Bucharest, Vlădescu taught plant morphology and classification until he reached the retirement age in 1936. He headed the Botanical Institute from 1895 to 1936, was vice president of the Romanian Scientific Society from 1901 to 1936 and president of the Cultural League from 1897 to 1903. He was dean of the science faculty from 1915 to 1919 and rector of the university from 1920 to 1923. In politics, he sat in both the Assembly of Deputies and the Senate. While in Iași, he belonged to George Panu's Radical Party, shifting to the Conservative Party once he reached Bucharest. He then joined the Conservative-Democratic Party and, finally, the People's Party. From December 1904 to October 1906, he was Religious Affairs and Public Instruction Minister under Gheorghe Grigore Cantacuzino; from December 1921 to January 1922, he served as Domains Minister under Take Ionescu. While a Conservative deputy for his native Muscel area from 1901 to 1909, he initiated legislation for a rural credit bank called Casa Rurală.His articles appeared in various publications, and he submitted several botanical entries to Enciclopedia română in which he espoused Darwinist ideas.
The standard author abbreviation Vlădescu is used to indicate this person as the author when citing a botanical name.
"Santa Looked a Lot Like Daddy" is a Christmas song co-written and recorded by Buck Owens. After its recording in 1965, the song has been covered by several country music artists, including Garth Brooks, Travis Tritt, and Brad Paisley.
La Grande-Motte is a commune in the Hérault département in Occitanie in southern France. It is a popular seaside resort and port, built in the 1960s and 1970s. La Grande-Motte is characterized by homogeneous architecture; many of the prominent buildings are pyramidal in form. With 2 million tourists per year it is one of the favorite resorts of the French.
Vagner José Dias Gonçalves (born 10 January 1996), simply Vagner, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays as a forward for Swiss club Sion on loan from the French club FC Metz and the Cape Verde national team.
Latham of Bradwall is a family whose seat was at Bradwall Hall, in the township of Bradwall, near Sandbach, England, with several notable members. The line is "a junior branch of the ancient Cheshire house of Lathom, of Lathom and Knowsley, which terminated in the heiress, Isabella Latham, who married Sir John Stanley, Knt., ancestor of the Earls of Derby".
The National Commission of Propaganda, Agitation and Communication is a Venezuelan propaganda organization belonging to PSUV, the ruling party of the Government of Venezuela.
Michel Lagravere Peniche (born December 1st 1997 in Mérida, Yucatán), better known as Michelito, is a French Mexican child bullfighter.
Poudreries Réunies de Belgique SA (or PRB) was one of Belgium's oldest and largest manufacturers of munitions, once the second-largest Belgium armaments manufacturer. The company indirectly started in 1778 in Wetteren as a gunpowder factory. By its 200th anniversary in 1979 it had 73 factories throughout the world, with the headquarters in Brussels.
PRB finally became bankrupt in 1993 after being demilitarised in 1990 with parts sold to the Luchaire Defense SA, part of Giat Industries (now known as AFAIR Société Nouvelle PRB SA)
Ryan Seaton (born 3 December 1987 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish sailor. He represented Ireland at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 49er class alongside Matt McGovern, the pair finished 14th. He also competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics where he and Matt McGowan finished 10th .
The Oushang Honor or Oushang Ounuo (欧诺) is a 7-seater Compact MPV produced by Changan Automobile under the Chana or Oushang brand. 
AgBase is a curated genomic database containing functional annotations of agriculturally important animals, plants, microbes and parasites. AgBase biocurators provides annotation of Gene Ontology terms and Plant ontology terms for gene products. By 2011 AgBase provided information for 18 organisms including horse, cat, dog, cotton, rice and soybean.
Mercury-Atlas 7, launched May 24, 1962, was the fourth crewed flight of Project Mercury. The spacecraft, named Aurora 7, was piloted by astronaut Scott Carpenter. He was the sixth human to fly in space. The mission used Mercury spacecraft No. 18 and Atlas launch vehicle No. 107-D.
The flight was for three Earth orbits, essentially a repeat of John Glenn's Mercury-Atlas 6. However, a targeting error during reentry took the spacecraft 250 miles (400 km) off-course, delaying recovery of Carpenter and the spacecraft for an hour. Carpenter was held responsible, at least in part, for the landing error. Carpenter left NASA for the Navy SEALAB program in 1964.
Modi Ke Matwale Rahi was a popular weekly radio show in India broadcast on the Vividh Bharati service. Along with some other shows like Hawa Mahal,  Modi Ke Matwale Rahi was one of the few programs that was suitable for spot advertising on Indian radio, which often led to commercial spots on the program being in high-demand and sold-out six-months in advance. The program won a Clio Award for Advertising in the 1970s.The show featured two main characters, Balwan Singh and Lalit Singh, who were faced with a mystery in each episode that they had to solve. The show was sponsored by Modi Tyres.
Shelley Jane Hammonds (born 6 March 1983) is a retired Australian women's basketball player, who represented the country at both junior and senior levels.  Hammonds is married to basketball player Matt Burston.
Refugee wave from the People's Republic of China to British Hong Kong, colloquially Chinese refugees in Hong Kong, refer to four immigration waves occurred in 1957, 1962, 1972 and 1979, as a safe haven of the Maoist China.
Il convitato di pietra is a 1832 opera by Pacini originally written for private performance by the composer's own family and friends. The libretto by Gaetano Barbieri, librettist of Il Talismano, was compiled from earlier librettos telling the story of Mozart's Don Giovanni, including Bertati's for Gazzaniga, but with changes including the removal of the role of Elvira.
Kristján B. Jónasson is an Icelandic book publisher at Crymogea Publishing and the former head of the Association of Icelandic Book Publishers. He has written on Sigurður Nordal.
Emma Clare Thynn, Marchioness of Bath (née McQuiston; born 26 March 1986) is a British socialite and fashion model. She is married to Ceawlin Thynn, 8th Marquess of Bath. In 2020, she became the first black marchioness in British history.
Observations on the Feeling of the Beautiful and Sublime (German: Beobachtungen über das Gefühl des Schönen und Erhabenen) is a 1764 book by Immanuel Kant.The first complete translation into English was published in 1799. The second, by John T. Goldthwait, was published in 1960 by the University of California Press.
The following is a list of mayors of the city of João Pessoa, in Paraíba state, Brazil.
Vampire Hunter D: American Wasteland is a comic book mini-series based on the popular Vampire Hunter D franchise, set to be published by Devil's Due Publishing. The series was announced in July 2008, but was confirmed to be cancelled at the 2009 Long Beach Comic Con, as a result of creative differences between Devil's Due and the license holders. The story would have followed the typical Vampire Hunter D set-up and remained true to the mythos, but with a "noticeably North American feel." It was to be written by Jimmy Palmiotti.
Myx (, stylized as MYX or myx) is a Philippine pay TV channel based in Quezon City, owned by Creative Programs Inc., a subsidiary of ABS-CBN Corporation. The channel is targeted to youth audiences and primarily airs music videos.
It was introduced as a programming block on free-to air television through the now-defunct television network Studio 23 in 2000, airing in early morning, afternoon and late evening time slots. A standalone 24-hour pay channel was introduced in 2002, and an international version of the channel was created in 2007. Myx is notable for showing the lyrics as the music video plays which was adapted from video karaoke, a popular pastime in Asia. Since 2006, Myx has given the annual Myx Music Awards to the most influential personalities in the Philippine music industry.
Miodrag Majić  is a Serbian legal scholar, judge and author. He is the judge of the Court of Appeals in Belgrade, Serbia, and the author of numerous books, legal commentaries and articles. Majić is known as a devoted opponent of penal populism in Serbia, which caused various Serbian politicians (most notably Maja Gojković) to lead smear campaigns against him in 2019. In 2019, Majic authored a bestselling crime novel titled Deca zla which combines realistic depictions of criminal procedure in Serbia with themes of occultism and conspiracy theories.
Antonia Becherer (born 7 June 1963 in Konstanz, Baden-Württemberg) is a German former ice dancer. With her twin brother Ferdinand Becherer, she was a three-time German national champion. They placed 9th at the 1988 Winter Olympics. They represented the club Konstanzer ERC.
Bathydomus obtectus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
John Berry (September 6, 1917 – November 29, 1999) was an American film director, who went into self-exile in France when his career was interrupted by the Hollywood blacklist.
Islam in Switzerland has mostly arrived via immigration since the late 20th century. 
Numbering below 1% of total population in 1980, the fraction of Muslims in the population of permanent residents in Switzerland has quintupled in thirty years, estimated at just above 5% as of 2013.
A majority is from Former Yugoslavia (estimated at 56% as of 2010, most of them from Kosovo); an additional 20% (2010 estimate) is from Turkey. This is due to the fact that in the 1960s and 1970s Switzerland encouraged young men from Yugoslavia and Turkey to come as guest workers. Initially these young men were only planning on staying in Switzerland temporarily, however, revised Swiss immigration laws in the 1970s permitted family regrouping. Consequently, these men ended up staying in Switzerland as these new laws allowed the wives and children of these young men into the country. Since this time period, most of the Muslim immigration to Switzerland stems from asylum seekers arriving primarily from Eastern Europe.The vast majority of Muslims in Switzerland adhere to the Sunni branch. Some famous Muslims of Switzerland include Tariq Ramadan, Frithjof Schuon, Titus Burckhardt, Xherdan Shaqiri and Isabelle Eberhardt.
The Blues Is Now is a 1967 studio album by the American singer Jimmy Witherspoon, accompanied by organist Jack McDuff.
Jocy de Oliveira (born 1936) is a Brazilian pianist, multimedia artist and composer.
Arena V.F.G. is an indoor arena located in Guadalajara, Mexico. The arena can accommodate between 3,500 and 15,000 people. It is mainly used for sporting events and concerts.
Karen J. Farbridge is a Canadian politician, the former Mayor and a former City Councillor of the city of Guelph, Ontario.
Naimjon Tuhtaboyev (Uzbek: Naimjon To'xtaboyev; born 29 January 1993) is an Uzbek Lethwei and Muay Thai fighter who currently competes in the World Lethwei Championship (WLC), where he is the reigning WLC Middleweight World champion.Tuhtaboyev became the WLC champion by beating the previously undefeated Too Too at WLC 11: Battlebones in Yangon, Myanmar.
Epacris obtusifolia is common plant from the heath family. The blunt-leaf heath grows in swampy areas and heathland in eastern Australia. It is usually seen growing less than a metre tall. Flowers form in any time of the year, but are mostly seen between July and January.
The specific epithet obtusifolia is derived from Latin, referring to the thickly tipped blunt leaves. The original specimen was collected in Sydney in the early colonial years. And it was first recorded in scientific literature in the year 1805, published by the eminent English botanist James Edward Smith.Growing up to a metre (3 ft) tall (though mostly 50–80 cm high), Epacris obtusifolia is a dainty shrub with tiny elliptic leaves which measure  6.4 to 11.5 mm long and 1.5 to 3.1 mm wide. Appearing mainly from July to January, the white bell-shaped flowers are arranged along the stems. Although only 4–8 mm long, their numbers make them conspicuous.Found in New South Wales east of the Great Dividing Range, as well as Queensland, Victoria and Tasmania, Epacris obtusifolia is found in wet heathland. In the Sydney region it is associated with such plants as coral fern (Gleichenia dicarpa), swamp banksia (Banksia robur), and the sedge Lepidosperma limicola. Plants live between ten and twenty years, and are killed by fire and regenerate from seed which lies dormant in the soil. The seedlings reach flowering age within four years.Epacris obtusifolia can be propagated by cutting and requires a well-drained yet moist position in the garden. It was first cultivated in the United Kingdom in 1804.
Igarapé do Lago is a district in the Brazilian municipality of Santana, in the state of Amapá. It is located along the Igarapé do Lago River, a tributary of the Vila Nova River. The village has been recognized as a quilombo, a settlement by escaped slaves.
Frank J. Hoffman (a.k.a. "The Texas Wonder"), was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in 12 games for the 1888 Kansas City Cowboys of the American Association. He played in the minor leagues through 1892.
Olivier Charbonneau (France, Aunis  c. 1613 Île de Montréal 20 November 1687) was a frontiersman who lived in Old Montreal in New France.
Charbonneau started his working life as a sewer cleaner. in Marans, Charente-Maritime. Widowed twice, by Ozanne Lussaud, and Roy in Marans (m. 13 April 1646), he then married Marie-Marguerite Garnier c. 1656. It is recorded that at that time his wife Marie-Marguerite was niece to Marguerite Bourgeoys.He was one of the first settlers of the Île Jésus (today, Laval). He is the ancestor of 35,000 living North Americans, and ancestor of the entire population of families with the surname Labelle, through his daughter Anne.
There are only two surviving records for the family name of Charbonneau: one for Olivier and his wife, landing in 1659, and another for an unrelated man, Jean and his wife, around 1675. Nothing in the record suggests that the two were closely related. It has been estimated that 97% of the Charbonneau families in North America are descended from Olivier Charbonneau and his wife. Descendants of Jean are fewer in number and in New France have tended to cluster in the Vaudreuil and Soulanges area of Quebec near the Ottawa river.
Gisela Tschofenig (born Gisela Taurer:21 May 1917 - 27 April 1945) was an (illegal) Austrian Communist political activist who after 1938 became an anti-government resistance activist.  In 1945 fellow detainees at the Schörgenhub labour camp, who had heard overnight shots on 27/28 April, after seeing Tschofenig called outside with two other women, had their fears confirmed the following morning when one of the camp guards was seen to be wearing their friend's "mountain boots".
Gothia Basket was a Swedish basketball club, based in Gothenburg. The team played in the Basketligan from 2007 till 2010.
Bergen Community College is a public community college in Bergen County, New Jersey. It was founded in 1965 and opened in 1968. As of November 2021, it is the largest community college in the state, with sites in Paramus, Hackensack, and Lyndhurst and 13,352 students enrolled in degree programs, as well as approximately 5,800 in continuing and adult education programs. Federal data rank Bergen graduates first in earning the highest salaries among their peers from the state’s 19 two-year institutions, and even out-earning peers from some four-year colleges. Bergen has graduated more than half a million students with associate's degrees and certificates since its founding in 1968.Bergen Community College is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools. Individual programs are accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs, the National League for Nursing, the American Dental Association, the Joint Review Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology, The National Accrediting Agency for Clinical Laboratory Services, and the American Physical Therapy Association. The Paralegal Studies program and the Legal Nurse Consultant program are approved by the American Bar Association.
Karanje is a village in the Karmala taluka of Solapur district in Maharashtra state, India.
Vicente Álvarez Areces formed the Areces government on 20 July 1999 after passing the investiture at the General Junta of the Principality of Asturias to form a government as a result of the Asturian Socialist Federation's victory at the 1999 regional election. Areces was nominated again in 2003 and 2007 for a second and third cabinet.
Fergal mac Gíolla Íosa Óg Mág Tighearnán (anglicised Fergal McKiernan) was head of the lineage of McKiernan Clan of Tullyhunco, County Cavan from 1512 until his death in 1523.
Epidermodysplasia verruciformis (EV), also known as treeman syndrome, is an extremely rare autosomal recessive hereditary skin disorder associated with a high risk of skin cancer. It is characterized by abnormal susceptibility to human papillomaviruses (HPVs) of the skin. The resulting uncontrolled HPV infections result in the growth of scaly macules and papules resembling tree bark, particularly on the hands and feet. It is typically associated with HPV types 5 and 8, which are found in about 80% of the normal population as asymptomatic infections, although other types contribute less frequently, among them types 12, 14, 15 and 17 (which are occasionally referred to as the beta papillomaviruses).The condition usually has an onset of between the ages of one and 20 but it can occasionally be present in middle age. The condition is also known as Lewandowsky–Lutz dysplasia, named after the physicians who first documented it, Felix Lewandowsky and Wilhelm Lutz.
Villa Santa Rita is a barrio (district) of Buenos Aires, Argentina. It is located in the western part of Capital Federal.
The Thaddeus Jackson House is a historic house at 15 Alberta Road in Brookline, Massachusetts. Built in 1820, it is one of Brookline's older surviving houses, unusual because it was built in the Georgian style, then already out of fashion. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 17, 1985.
Benjamin Cleary is an Irish writer, director and producer from Dublin.  He is best known for his short-film Stutterer that earned him an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film at the 88th Academy Awards with producers Shan Christopher Ogilvie and Serena Armitage.
Mount Soucek (66°49′S 50°58′E) is a mountain standing between Mount Hardy and Peacock Ridge in the northwest part of the Tula Mountains, in Enderby Land. It was plotted from air photos taken from ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) aircraft in 1956 and was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for Dr. Zdeněk Souček, a medical officer at Wilkes Station in 1960.
 This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document: "Mount Soucek". (content from the Geographic Names Information System)
Athanasios Kanakaris (Greek: Αθανάσιος Κανακάρης; 1760 in Patras – 14 January 1823 in Ermioni) was a Greek politician.  He fought in the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire.
He was born in Patras in 1760. His father was Benizelos Roufos (elder), who belonged to a wealthy family of Sicilian descent, that had settled in Patras during the 1600s. His mother was Angeliki Kanakaris, who was a member of a Greek family that originated from Livadeia, and had settled in Patras at approximately the 1600s. Kanakaris was elected as a headsman of Patras in 1785, and became one of the most influential Greek magnates in the Morea. While serving as the province's representative to the Porte, he became a member of the Filiki Eteria. During the Greek War of Independence, he served as a member of the Peloponnesian Senate and of the First National Assembly at Epidaurus, and contributed from his personal fortune to the Greek cause. From 13 January 1822 until his death due to illness, in 1823, he served as deputy president of the Executive Corps of the Greek provisional government, under Alexandros Mavrokordatos.
His son, was also named Benizelos Roufos and served as Prime Minister of Greece later on. Other members of the family served as mayors, members of parliament and ministers. He married Paraskevi Kostaki, and in addition to the aforementioned son, they also had a daughter named Angeliki.
First Sergeant Thomas Hall Forsyth (December 17, 1842 – March 22, 1908) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 4th U.S. Cavalry during the Indian Wars. He received the Medal of Honor for gallantry against the Cheyenne Indians, rescuing his commanding officer and another wounded soldier, at the Powder River in Wyoming Territory on November 25, 1876. Although two fellow soldiers assisted in helping him protect their fallen commander, he is the only member of the Powder River Expedition to receive an award.
Joannes Leo Africanus (born al-Hasan ibn Muhammad al-Wazzan al-Fasi, Arabic: حسن  ابن محمد الوزان الفاسي; c. 1494 – c. 1554) was a Berber Andalusi diplomat and author who is best known for his book Descrittione dell’Africa (Description of Africa) centered on the geography of the Maghreb and Nile Valley. The book was regarded among his scholarly peers in Europe as the most authoritative treatise on the subject until the modern exploration of Africa. For this work, Leo became a household name among European geographers. He converted from Islam to Christianity and changed his name to Johannes Leo de Medicis.
In the European Commission, a cabinet (the French pronunciation, cab-ee-nay, is used) is the personal office of a European Commissioner. The role of a cabinet is to give political guidance to its Commissioner. Members of a cabinet are equivalent, within UK Government nomenclature, to a special adviser or "SPAD".  Technical policy preparation is handled by the European Civil Service. The term is not to be confused with the European Commission's top decision making-body known in EU-lexicon, as the "College of Commissioners" (referred to in most political systems as a cabinet).
The following is a partial list of minor planets, running from minor-planet number 358001 through 359000, inclusive. The primary data for this and other partial lists is based on JPL's "Small-Body Orbital Elements" and "Data Available from the Minor Planet Center". A detailed description of the table's columns and additional sources are given on the main page including a complete list of every page in this series, and a statistical break-up on the dynamical classification of minor planets.
Also see the summary list of all named bodies in numerical and alphabetical order, and the corresponding naming citations for the number range of this particular list. Note that new namings may only be added to this list after official publication, as the preannouncement of names is condemned by the Working Group Small Body Nomenclature of the International Astronomical Union.
Undress is the 2014 studio album by Californian singer-songwriter Jesca Hoop, that features duets and acoustic re-workings of previously released material. Guest include Guy Garvey, Sam Beam, Willy Mason and Erika Wennerstrom. It was released in February 2014 under Last Laugh Records and financed through crowd funding. Digital editions contained the bonus track 'City Bird'.
Parachydaeopsis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
The Community Practitioners and Health Visitors Association is a Trade union and professional association for health care staff in the UK and Ireland. It is part of Unite the Union.
Its 18,500 members include health visitors, school nurses, nursery nurses and other community nurses working in primary care. It produces a monthly journal Community Practitioner, which contains both news and scholarly articles.
The Worcester County Mathematics League (WOCOMAL) is a high school mathematics league composed of 32 high schools, most of which are in Worcester County, Massachusetts.  It organizes seven mathematics competitions per year, four at the "varsity" level (up to grade 12) and three at the "freshman" level (up to grade nine, including middle school students).  In the 2013–14 school year, WOCOMAL began allowing older students to compete in the freshman level competitions, calling this level of participation "junior varsity."
Top schools from the varsity competition are selected to attend the Massachusetts Association of Math Leagues state competition.
Edwin Ross Adair (December 14, 1907 – May 5, 1983) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana.
The North East Independent School District (commonly NEISD or North East ISD) is a school district located in San Antonio, Texas, United States. North East ISD serves the north central and northeast areas of Bexar County, covering approximately 144 square miles (370 km2). North East ISD serves the cities of Castle Hills, Hill Country Village, Hollywood Park, Windcrest, and portions of San Antonio, Balcones Heights, Terrell Hills, and Timberwood Park. North East ISD is the second largest school district serving the San Antonio area by student attendance, following Northside.
The Tulsa–Wichita State men's basketball rivalry is an American college basketball rivalry between the Tulsa Golden Hurricane men's basketball team of the  University of Tulsa and the Wichita State Shockers men's basketball team of Wichita State University. Wichita State leads the all-time series 70–62.
The 60th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 60 degrees north of Earth's equator. It crosses Europe, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.
Although it lies approximately twice as far away from the Equator as from the North Pole, the 60th parallel is half as long as the Equator line, due to the cosine of 60 degrees being 0.5. This is where the Earth bulges halfway as much as on the Equator.
At this latitude, the Sun is visible for 18 hours, 52 minutes during the June solstice and 5 hours, 52 minutes during the December solstice.
The maximum altitude of the Sun is 53.44° on 21 June and 6.56° on 21 December.
The maximum altitude of the Sun is > 15.00º in October and > 8.00º in November. The lowest latitude where white nights can be observed is approximately on this parallel.
In genetics, Flp-FRT recombination is a site-directed recombination technology,  increasingly used to manipulate an organism's DNA under controlled conditions in vivo. It is analogous to Cre-lox recombination but involves the recombination of sequences between short flippase recognition target (FRT) sites by the recombinase flippase (Flp) derived from the 2 µ plasmid of baker's yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
5'GAAGTTCCTATTCtctagaaaGtATAGGAACTTC3'for which flippase (Flp) binds to both 13-bp 5'-GAAGTTCCTATTC-3' arms flanking the 8 bp spacer, i.e. the site-specific recombination (region of crossover) in reverse orientation. FRT-mediated cleavage occurs just ahead from the asymmetric 8bp core region (5'tctagaaa3') on the top strand and behind this sequence on the bottom strand. Several variant FRT sites exist, but recombination can usually occur only between two identical FRTs but generally not among non-identical ("heterospecific") FRTs.
Qaleh-ye Hajj Jahanqoli (Persian: قلعه حاج جهانقلي, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Ḩājj Jahānqolī; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Ḩājjahānqolī) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 11 families. The village is populated by Lurs.
Iris auranitica  is a species in the genus Iris, it is also in the subgenus Iris and in the section Oncocyclus. It is a rhizomatous perennial in the Jabal al-Druze region in Syria, where it grows at about 1600 m. It has thin and long, greyish-green, semi-evergreen leaves. In May, it has fragranced flowers (between light yellow to mustard), with a dark signal patch and yellow beard with purple tips. It is rarely cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions, as it needs very dry conditions during the summer.
The 1921 Chicago American Giants baseball team represented the Chicago American Giants in the Negro National League (NNL) during the 1920 baseball season. The team compiled a 55–29–4 (.648) record and won the NNL pennant. Rube Foster was the team's owner and manager. The team played its home games at Schorling Park in Chicago.The team's leading batters were:
Center fielder Cristóbal Torriente - .352 batting average, .593 slugging percentage, 12 home runs, 74 RBIs, 19 stolen bases in 84 games (Torriente was later inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame.)
Left fielder Jimmy Lyons - .301 batting average, .420 slugging percentage in 81 games
Second baseman Bingo DeMoss - .266 batting average, .324 slugging percentage in 84 gamesThe team's leading pitchers were Dave Brown (17–2, 2.50 ERA, 126 strikeouts) and Tom Williams (14–8, 2.82 ERA).
Spituk Monastery, also known as Spituk Gompa or Pethup Gompa, is a Buddhist monastery in Spituk, Leh district, Ladakh, northern India. 8 kilometres from Leh. The site of Spituk was blessed by the Arhat Nyimagung. It was founded by Od-de, the elder brother of Lha Lama Changchub Od when he came to Maryul in the 11th Century. He introduced the monastic community. When Lotsewa Rinchen Zangpo (Translator) came to that place he said that an exemplary religious community would arise there and so the monastery was called spituk (exemplary). During the time of Dharma raja Gragspa Bum-Ide the monastery was restored by Lama Lhawang Lodos and the stainless order of Tsonkhapa was introduced and it has remained intact as such till present. Founded as a Red Hat institution, the monastery was taken over by the Yellow Hat sect in the 15th century.
The monastery contains 100 monks and a giant statue of Kali (unveiled during the annual festival).
Every year the Gustor Festival is held at Spituk from the 27th to 29th day in the eleventh month of the Tibetan calendar.
Vieillot's barbet (Lybius vieilloti) is a small African barbet. Barbets and toucans are a group of near passerine birds with a world-wide tropical distribution. The barbets get their name from the bristles which fringe their heavy bills. This bird is named after the French ornithologist Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot.
The 1991 FIVB Volleyball World League was the second edition of the annual men's international volleyball tournament, played by 10 countries from 17 May to 27 July 1991. The Final Round was held in Milan, Italy.
Ashley (Korean: 애슐리), is a restaurant chain based in South Korea owned by the E-Land. As of 2014, the chain had over 140 retail stores in South Korea. Ashley is a buffet which specialises in beef and steak.
Crandon Lakes is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) split between Hampton Township and Stillwater Township, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP's population was 1,178, of which 682 were in Hampton Township and 496 in Stillwater Township.
Cloudburst is a 2011 Canadian-American comedy-drama film written and directed by Thom Fitzgerald and starring Olympia Dukakis and Brenda Fricker. The film is an adaptation of Fitzgerald's 2010 play of the same name.
Cloudburst premiered at the Atlantic Film Festival in Halifax, Nova Scotia on September 16, 2011. It opened in a limited release in Canada on December 7, 2012.
This list of cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.
Agnieszka Radwańska was the defending champion but decided not to participate.Kaia Kanepi won the title, defeating Peng Shuai in the final, 6–2, 7–5.
Bulbophyllum teretifolium is a species of plant in the family Orchidaceae. It is an epiphyte with cylindrical leaves and up to about forty small, white and purplish flowers and is endemic to Cameroon. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical, moist montane forests, where it is threatened by habitat loss.
The Servants Anonymous Society (SAS) is a nonprofit women's organization that provides aid to young women in exiting the sex industry, achieving sobriety, and avoiding sexual slavery. SAS offers life skills-based education to these women and safe houses for them to live in. One of the skills taught by SAS is how to prepare a budget. SAS partners with Sex Trade 101. In 2008 and 2009, there were book sales in Calgary, Alberta in support of SAS and Canwest Raise-a-Reader. In July 2011, paramedic Will Rogers performed a 1,000 km long-distance run to raise funds for the Surrey, British Columbia chapter of SAS. That December, the Surrey chapter received a $20,000 award at the Awards for Excellence ceremony hosted by the William H. Donner Foundation. In 2013, there was a fundraiser called "Cry of the Streets: An Evening for Freedom" that raised money for Servants Anonymous Facilitates Exit, a SAS women's shelter for those seeking to leave the sex industry.
Marc Alexander Benninga (born February 15, 1961 in Leiden) is a former Dutch field hockey player, who earned a total number of 53 caps, scoring no goals for the Netherlands national field hockey team in the 1980s and early 1990s.
An older brother of former Dutch field hockey player Carina Benninga, the defender was a member of the bronze medal-winning Dutch team at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
Pinki (Hindi: पिंकी) a comics series by Diamond Comics characterizes a five-year-old girl. The Character of Pinki was created by Cartoonist Pran Kumar Sharma in year 1978. The comic is distributed in 10 languages. Pinki is often seen with her pet squirrel named Kut-Kut. The other notable characters in this comic are her neighbor Jhapatji, her friends Bhiku and Champu. Pinki has also appeared in Chacha Chaudhary and Billoo comic books.
Whenever she tries to help her neighbor Jhapatji, she always messes everything and whole neighborhood is scared of her menace doings.
George "Geordie" Ridley (1835 – 1864) was a Tyneside concert hall songwriter and performer in the middle of the 19th century. His most famous song is "Blaydon Races". He was a contemporary of Edward Corvan. He has been described by a council source as a candidate for Tyneside's most famous songwriter.
Stara Vas (pronounced [ˈstaːɾa ˈʋaːs]; Slovene: Stara vas) is a small village on the southern outskirts of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Chistoperevoloka (Russian: Чистопереволока) is a rural locality (a village) in Levinskoye Rural Settlement, Bolshesosnovsky District, Perm Krai, Russia. The population was 14 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Samuel Shaw (1718-1781) was an English slave trader. He was responsible for at least 119 slave voyages between 1750 and 1778.
Paduvilayi is a census town in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Kim Yusob (born 1959 in  Gwangju) is a South Korean artist who lives and works in Berlin, Germany and Seoul, South Korea.
Alfred A. Yuson (born 1945) (also known as Krip Yuson) is a Filipino author of novels, poetry and short stories.
The 1986 Torneo Godó or Trofeo Conde de Godó was a men's tennis tournament that took place on outdoor clay courts in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. It was the 34th edition of the tournament and was part of the 1986 Grand Prix circuit. It was held from 22 September until 28 September 1986. Ninth-seeded Kent Carlsson won the singles title.
Saillac (French pronunciation: ​[sajak]; Occitan: Salhac) is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
The 2022 Asian Women's Youth Handball Championship will be 9th edition of the championship scheduled to be held from 18 to 27 March 2022 in Almaty, Kazakhstan under the aegis of Asian Handball Federation. It will be the first time in history that the championship will be organised by the Kazakhstan Handball Federation. It also acts as the qualification tournament for the 2022 Women's Youth World Handball Championship, with top four teams from the championship directly qualifying for the event to be held in Georgia.
Previously the championship was scheduled to be held from 20 to 29 November 2021, but was postponed due to the spread of COVID-19 pandemic. In January 2022, the championship was further postponed from scheduled dates of 13 to 20 February due to the 2022 Kazakh unrest.
Finn Morten Stordalen (born 5 October 1968) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Vestfold during the terms 2005–2009 and 2009–2013.On the local level, he is a former deputy mayor of Re.
Mercosur (in Spanish), Mercosul (in Portuguese), or Ñemby Ñemuha (in Guarani), officially Southern Common Market, is a South American trade bloc established by the Treaty of Asunción in 1991 and Protocol of Ouro Preto in 1994. Its full members are Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay. Venezuela is a full member but has been suspended since 1 December 2016. Associate countries are Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Peru and Suriname.The name Mercosur is a Spanish portmanteau of Mercado Común del Sur (Portuguese Mercosul, portmanteau of Mercado Comum do Sul) which both mean "Common Market of the South". Mercosur's origins are linked to the discussions for the constitution of a regional economic market for Latin America, which go back to the treaty that established the Latin American Free Trade Association in 1960, which was succeeded by the Latin American Integration Association in the 1980s. At the time, Argentina and Brazil made progress in the matter, signing the Iguaçu Declaration (1985), which established a bilateral commission, which was followed by a series of trade agreements the following year. The Integration, Cooperation and Development Treaty, signed between both countries in 1988, set the goal of establishing a common market, to which other Latin American countries could join. Paraguay and Uruguay joined the process and the four countries became signatories to the Treaty of Asunción (1991), which established the Southern Common Market, a trade alliance aimed at boosting the regional economy, moving goods, people among themselves, workforce and capital. Initially a free trade zone was established, in which the signatory countries would not tax or restrict each other's imports. As of 1 January 1995, this area became a customs union, in which all signatories could charge the same quotas on imports from other countries (common external tariff). The following year, Bolivia and Chile acquired membership status. Other Latin American nations have expressed interest in joining the group.
Mercosur's purpose is to promote free trade and the fluid movement of goods, people, and currency. Since its foundation, Mercosur's functions have been updated and amended many times; it currently confines itself to a customs union, in which there is free intra-zone trade and a common trade policy between member countries. In 2019, the Mercosur had generated a nominal gross domestic product (GDP) of around 4.6 trillion US dollars, placing the bloc as the 5th economy of the world. The bloc places high on the human development index. It has signed free trade agreements with Israel, Egypt, Japan and the European Union, among others.
The Guerrero mass graves was a multihomicide of more than 55 people found on June 2010 in Taxco, Guerrero, Mexico. Officials of the state of Guerrero speculate that the mass graves where the bodies were found may hold up to 100 corpses.The mass murder was reportedly carried out by members of the Mexican drug cartels that operate in the state.
Amangeldi (Kazakh: Амангелді, Amangeldı) is a village and the administrative center of Amangeldi District in Kostanay Region of north-western Kazakhstan. The population is 7,569 (2009 Census results).
Shipley's Adventure is a historic plantation home located in Cooksville and (Woodbine) Howard County, Maryland.
The house is the homestead of George Shipley, and Catherine Ogg and was part of the 1260 acre "Shipley's Adventure" land grant patented on 7 April 1761. In 1790, "Shipley's Enlargement" was added to the estate. The house is built around a 1761 log cabin containing a loft which windows have been added. In 1972 a family room was added to the "telescoping" building. The estate has been subdivided down to 16.53 acres by the 1970s with the Perilla family converting the agricultural land for wine making.
Tealama is a village in Jõgeva Parish, Jõgeva County in Estonia.
Zabrzeg is a village in Gmina Czechowice-Dziedzice, Bielsko County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It has a population of 3,107 (2008).
The name is of topographic origin and is a composition of two words: za (behind) and brzeg (coast or bank of the river).: 189  The village lies on the right bank of the Vistula river, on the edge of the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.
Portillo is a rural barrio in the municipality of Adjuntas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 606.
The Whim Creek Copper Mine is an operating copper oxide mine, located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
The phrase "Sick man of Asia" (Chinese: 亞洲病夫; pinyin: Yàzhōu bìngfū) or "Sick man of East Asia" (Chinese: 東亞病夫; pinyin: Dōngyà bìngfū) refers to a country in Asia undergoing economic or political strife. It originally referred to Qing China in the late 19th and early 20th centuries which, experiencing internal divisions at the time, was taken advantage of by the great powers.
Steven Patrick Morrissey (; born 22 May 1959), known professionally as Morrissey, is an English singer, songwriter, and author. He came to prominence as the frontman of rock band the Smiths, who were active from 1982 to 1987. Since then, he has pursued a successful solo career. Morrissey's music is characterised by his baritone voice and distinctive lyrics with recurring themes of emotional isolation, sexual longing, self-deprecating and dark humour, and anti-establishment stances.
Born to working-class Irish immigrants in Davyhulme, Lancashire, Morrissey grew up in nearby Manchester. As a child, he developed a love of literature, kitchen sink realism, and 1960s pop music. In the late 1970s, he fronted punk rock band the Nosebleeds with little success before beginning a career in music journalism and writing several books on music and film in the early 1980s. He formed the Smiths with Johnny Marr in 1982 and the band soon attracted national recognition for their eponymous debut album. As the band's frontman, Morrissey attracted attention for his trademark quiff and witty and sardonic lyrics. Deliberately avoiding rock machismo, he cultivated the image of a sexually ambiguous social outsider who embraced celibacy. The Smiths released three further studio albums—Meat Is Murder, The Queen Is Dead, and Strangeways, Here We Come—and had a string of hit singles. The band were critically acclaimed and attracted a cult following. Personal differences between Morrissey and Marr resulted in the separation of the Smiths in 1987.
In 1988 Morrissey launched his solo career with Viva Hate. This album and its follow-ups—Kill Uncle, Your Arsenal, and Vauxhall and I—all did well on the UK Albums Chart and spawned multiple hit singles. He took on Alain Whyte and Boz Boorer as his main co-writers to replace Marr. During this time his image began to shift into that of a burlier figure who toyed with patriotic imagery and working-class masculinity. In the mid-to-late 1990s, his albums Southpaw Grammar and Maladjusted also charted but were less well received. Relocating to Los Angeles, he took a musical hiatus from 1998 to 2003 before releasing a successful comeback album, You Are the Quarry, in 2004. Ensuing years saw the release of albums Ringleader of the Tormentors, Years of Refusal, World Peace Is None of Your Business, Low in High School, California Son, and I Am Not a Dog on a Chain, as well as his autobiography and his debut novel, List of the Lost.
Highly influential, Morrissey has been credited as a seminal figure in the emergence of indie rock and Britpop. In a 2006 poll for the BBC's Culture Show, Morrissey was voted the second-greatest living British cultural icon. His work has been the subject of academic study. He has been a controversial figure throughout his music career due to his forthright opinions and outspoken nature—endorsing vegetarianism and animal rights, criticising royalty and prominent politicians, including support of some far-right activists with regard to freedom of speech and British heritage, defending a particular vision of national identity while critiquing the effect of immigration on the UK.
Kypseli (Greek: Κυψέλη, pronounced [ciˈpseli]) is a neighbourhood in central Athens, Greece. It occupies much of the 6th municipal department of the municipality of Athens, and has a population of around 50,000.
The 2019–20 Chennaiyin FC season was the club's sixth season since its establishment in 2014 and their sixth season in the Indian Super League.
Gerald FitzGerald, 14th Earl of Desmond (c. 1533 – 1583), also counted as 15th or 16th, owned large part of the Irish province of Munster. In 1565 he fought the private Battle of Affane against his neighbours, the Butlers. After this he was for some time a prisoner in the Tower of London. The First Desmond Rebellion took place during his absence. He was the leader of the Second Desmond Rebellion from 1579 to his death and was therefore called the Rebel Earl. He was attainted in 1582 and went into hiding but was hunted down and killed.
The South Atlantic conflict was a series of crises, undeclared wars, and other conflicts between Argentina, the United Kingdom, and later Chile (on the British side) in the Southern Atlantic Ocean. It was incited by the Argentine navy's prevention of the UK's reoccupation of its territories on the Antarctic Peninsula, and included the Falklands War and Invasion of South Georgia. The conflict, despite a large number of stalemates, ultimately ended in British victory.
On January 23, 2018, at 00:31 AKST, an earthquake occurred in the Gulf of Alaska near Kodiak Island. The earthquake, measured at 7.9 on the Mw scale, was approximately 280 kilometres (170 mi) southeast of Kodiak and happened at a depth of 25 kilometres (16 mi).It was initially measured as a M 8.2 event, but later downgraded by the United States Geological Survey. The earthquake was felt throughout most of southern Alaska, including the major cities of Anchorage and Fairbanks, and parts of neighboring British Columbia.The earthquake prompted tsunami warnings and advisories for Alaska, British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, California, and Hawaii. Residents in low-lying areas along the Gulf of Alaska and in British Columbia were evacuated to shelters and higher ground. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center later cancelled most of the alerts within four hours of the earthquake, due to the apparent lack of tsunami. The highest recorded waves after the event measured at under 8.3 inches (21 cm) above tide level on Kodiak Island.
Gustav Adolph Ackermann (16 January 1791 – 19 February 1872) was a German lawyer and author of a notable book on European knightly orders.
Ackermann was born in Auerbach in Vogtland, Saxony. He was Königlich Sachsischer Appelationsrat [Royal Saxon appeal councillor] at the courthouse in Dresden, Saxony and a great connoisseur of the 19th-century and medieval German and European knightly orders.
In 1855 his Ordensbuch [Orders book] appeared in Annaberg with the subtitle Sämtlicher in Europa blühender und erloschener Orden und Ehrenzeichen [Complete gathering of flourishing and extinct orders and honorific decorations in Europe]. Despite its title, the book is not a complete description of orders and decorations, but it is a valuable resource for researchers.
As a lawyer he also published in his field. In 1849 his Rechtssätze aus Erkenntnissen des Königl. Oberappelationsgerichts zu Dresden [Law sets about findings of royal high appeal court in Dresden], a work on the then applicable jurisprudence, appeared in Saxony.  He died in Dresden on February 19, 1872.
Jihad (; Arabic: جهاد, romanized: jihād [dʒiˈhaːd]) is an Arabic word which literally means "striving" or "struggling", especially with a praiseworthy aim. In an Islamic context, it can refer to almost any effort to make personal and social life conform with God's guidance, such as struggle against one's evil inclinations, proselytizing, or efforts toward the moral betterment of the Muslim community (Ummah), though it is most frequently associated with war. In classical Islamic law (sharia), the term refers to armed struggle against unbelievers, while modernist Islamic scholars generally equate military jihad with defensive warfare. In Sufi circles, spiritual and moral jihad has been traditionally emphasized under the name of greater jihad. The term has gained additional attention in recent decades through its use by various insurgent Islamic extremist, militant Islamist, and terrorist individuals and organizations whose ideology is based on the Islamic notion of jihad.The word jihad appears frequently in the Qur'an with and without military connotations, often in the idiomatic expression "striving in the path of God (al-jihad fi sabil Allah)", conveying a sense of self-exertion. They developed an elaborate set of rules pertaining to jihad, including prohibitions on harming those who are not engaged in combat.
In the modern era, the notion of jihad has lost its jurisprudential relevance and instead given rise to an ideological and political discourse. While modernist Islamic scholars have emphasized the defensive and non-military aspects of jihad, some Islamists have advanced aggressive interpretations that go beyond the classical theory.Jihad is classified into inner ("greater") jihad, which involves a struggle against one's own base impulses, and external ("lesser") jihad, which is further subdivided into jihad of the pen/tongue (debate or persuasion) and jihad of the sword. Most Western writers consider external jihad to have primacy over inner jihad in the Islamic tradition, while much of contemporary Muslim opinion favors the opposite view. Gallup analysis of a large survey reveals considerable nuance in the conceptions of jihad held by Muslims around the world.The sense of jihad as armed resistance was first used in the context of persecution faced by Muslims, as when Muhammad was at Mecca, when the community had two choices: emigration (hijra) or jihad. In Twelver Shi'a Islam, jihad is one of the ten Practices of the Religion. A person engaged in jihad is called a mujahid (plural: mujahideen). The term jihad is often rendered in English as "Holy War", although this translation is controversial. Today, the word jihad is often used without religious connotations, like the English crusade.
Unteroffizier is a military rank of the Bundeswehr and of former German-speaking armed forces (Heer and Luftwaffe), OR-5b on the NATO scale of ranks. There is no equivalent in the British Army, Royal Marines and various Commonwealth armies (it is senior to an OR-4 Corporal and junior to an OR-6 Sergeant), although the Canadian Army equivalent is OR-5 Master Corporal. The equivalent in the United States Army and United States Marine Corps is OR-5 sergeant. However, Unteroffizier is also the collective name for all non-commissioned officers.
The Beaumont Hotel is a Grade II listed luxury hotel in Mayfair, London, United Kingdom. One of its rooms was designed by Antony Gormley as a public sculpture.
Typical Cats is an American underground hip hop group from Chicago, Illinois. The group consists of MCs Denizen Kane, Qwazaar and Qwel, and producers / DJs Kid Knish and DJ Natural. They have released three albums to date. Their song "Any Day" from their self-titled debut was featured in the video game Tony Hawk's Project 8.
São Cristóvão do Sul is a city in Santa Catarina, in the Southern Region of Brazil.
Ponte Morandi (English: Morandi Bridge), officially Viadotto Polcevera (English: Polcevera Viaduct), was a road viaduct in Genoa (Italy), constructed between 1963 and 1967 along Italy's A10 motorway over the  Polcevera River, from which it derived its official name. The bridge was widely called "Ponte Morandi" after its structural designer, noted engineer Riccardo Morandi.The bridge was an engineering and architectural landmark since its construction. It connected Genoa's Sampierdarena and Cornigliano districts  across the Polcevera Valley.  It also provided a critical artery of European Route E80, linking Italy and France.
When a 210-metre (690 ft) section of the viaduct collapsed during a rainstorm on 14 August 2018, 43 people died — leading to a year-long state of emergency in the Liguria region, extensive analysis of the structural failure, and widely varying assignment of responsibility.
The remains of the original bridge were demolished in August 2019. The replacement bridge, the Viadotto Genova-San Giorgio ("Genoa-Saint George Viaduct") was inaugurated in August 2020.
Alberta Provincial Highway No. 43, commonly referred to as Highway 43, is a major highway in northern and central Alberta, Canada that connects Edmonton to the British Columbia border via the Peace Country, forming the northernmost portion of the CANAMEX Corridor in Alberta.  It stretches approximately 495 km (308 mi) from Highway 16 (Yellowhead Highway) near Manly Corner west of Edmonton to the British Columbia border west of Demmitt. It is designated as a core route in Canada's National Highway System, comprising a portion of a key international corridor that stretches from Alaska into Mexico.
Highway 43 was originally numbered Highway 17, a short gravel road that ran only from Highway 16 to Onoway.  It was later extended to Whitecourt and renumbered as Highway 43 in the 1940s, and an extension to Valleyview had been completed by the mid-1950s.  In 1991 the highway was extended to included a portion of the existing Highway 34 from Valleyview to Donnelly, but was revised in 1998 to turn west through Grande Prairie, forming a contiguous route from Manly Corner to the border.  Due to increasing traffic levels and the province's greater plan to upgrade their portion of the CANAMEX Corridor, work began in the 2000s to twin the entire length of the highway.  The Edmonton–Grande Prairie section was completed in summer 2014, and construction began in 2016 on an expressway bypass to the northwest of Grande Prairie.  Planning is underway for the remaining section between the BC border and Beaverlodge.
The United States Under-19 cricket team represents the United States in international under-19 cricket.
In 2020 former U.S.A. player Kevin Darlington was appointed coach of the team.The coach for the 2015 ICC Americas Under-19 Championship was Thiru Kumaran, a former Indian Test player.
Raja Aur Rancho is a detective series which aired in India on DD Metro in 1997–1998. The show is about a detective named Raja (Ved Thapar) and his pet monkey Rancho.  Every week, this duo solve a new crime. Famous TV Actor Mohan Bhandari played the role of Raja in initial episodes.
The monkey and banana problem is a famous toy problem in artificial intelligence, particularly in logic programming and planning.
The 2002–03 NBA season was the Bulls' 37th season in the National Basketball Association. In the 2002 NBA draft, the Bulls selected Jay Williams out of Duke University with the second overall pick. During the off-season, the team signed free agent Donyell Marshall. After a 4–6 start to the season, the Bulls went on a nine-game losing streak between November and December. The Bulls finished sixth in the Central Division with a 30–52 record. They also posted a franchise worst road record of 3–38. Jalen Rose led the team in scoring with 22.1 points per game, while Marshall provided the team with 13.4 points and 9.0 rebounds per game. Williams averaged 9.5 points and 4.7 assists per game, and was named to the NBA All-Rookie Second Team. Following the season, second-year guard Trenton Hassell and Fred Hoiberg both signed as free agents with the Minnesota Timberwolves. (See 2002–03 Chicago Bulls season#Regular season)
Camelford Town Hall is a municipal building in the Market Place, Camelford, Cornwall, England. The town hall, which is currently used as a public library, is a Grade II listed building.
Raja Dina Nath Madan (Razdan) (1795–1857) aka Diwan Dina Nath or Dina Nath, who was a Kashmiri, rose to the position of the Privy Seal and finance minister (Diwan) in the Punjab empire of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.
The bandfishes, family Cepolidae, are 23 species of marine ray-finned fishes, They are native to the East Atlantic and Indo-Pacific wherethey dig burrows in sandy or muddy seabeds and eat zooplankton.
The River Cary is a river in Somerset, England. It is sourced from the Park Pond in Castle Cary and flows towards the southwest.
Melisa Gil (born 9 August 1984) is an Argentine sports shooter. She competed in the women's skeet event at the 2016 Summer Olympics where she placed eighth. She qualified to represent Argentina again at the 2020 Summer Olympics in the women's skeet event.She is the sister of Federico Gil.
The Beginning Point of the U.S. Public Land Survey is the point from which the United States in 1786 began the formal survey of the lands known then as the Northwest Territory, now making up all or part of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin.  The survey is claimed to be the first major cadastral survey undertaken by any nation.  The point now lies underwater on the state line between Ohio and Pennsylvania.  Because it is submerged, a monument commemorating the point is adjacent to the nearest roadway and located on the state line between East Liverpool, Ohio and Ohioville, Pennsylvania.  The area around the marker was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
The 2020–21 SV Werder Bremen season was the club's 122nd season in existence and the club's 40th consecutive season in the top flight of German football. In addition to the domestic league, SV Werder Bremen participated in this season's edition of the DFB-Pokal. The season covered the period from 7 July 2020 to 30 June 2021.
Soltvadkert is a town located in Bács-Kiskun County, Hungary. The town is surrounded by several areas of the Kiskunság National Park. The mayor is Ferencz Temerini.
Croats in Hungary call this town Vakier (compare older Hungarian name, Vadkert).
Nand Ram Ka Tila (Nand Ram’s Uneven Land) is an area measuring approximately 3 km by 3 km situated in the heart of city of Agra in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. The coordinates of the area are latitude 27°10'47.71"N and longitude 78° 0'48.45"E. The area is under the administrative jurisdiction of Mantola Police Station. Sadar Bhatti is the nearest landmark, a former foundry area during the British period and known for many steel foundries where cast steel was molded into various weapons-grade spares. The area is surrounded by Mantola Road in the north and Railway Line in the south and southeast.
Rector Road Bridge is a historic truss bridge in Denton, Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.It is a 5-panel, pinned Pratt through-truss bridge with I-beam approach spans.  It is 112 feet (34 m) in total length, with the primary span 80 feet (24 m) in length.It was built by the Austin Brothers Company in 1907-08 to span Clear Creek near Sanger, Texas, costing $1,664.  Frank and George Austin were then the Atlanta and Dallas agents of the George E. King Bridge Company, although they later started their own bridge fabrication plant.It was later moved to the John Guyer High School at 7501 Teasley Lane in Denton.
"Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues" is a song written and performed by Bob Dylan. It was originally recorded on August 2, 1965, and released on the album Highway 61 Revisited. The song was later released on the compilation album Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. II and as two separate live versions recorded at concerts in 1966: the first of which appeared on the B-side of Dylan's "I Want You" single, with the second being released on The Bootleg Series Vol. 4: Bob Dylan Live 1966, The "Royal Albert Hall" Concert. The song has been covered by many artists, including Gordon Lightfoot, Nina Simone, Barry McGuire, Judy Collins, Frankie Miller, Linda Ronstadt, the Grateful Dead, Neil Young, The Black Crowes, Townes Van Zandt, and Bryan Ferry. Lightfoot's version was recorded only weeks after Dylan's original had been released and reached #3 on the Canadian RPM singles chart.
"Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues" has six verses but no chorus. The song's lyrics describe a vision of the narrator's experiences in Juarez, Mexico, where he encounters poverty, sickness, despair, available women, indifferent authorities, alcohol and drugs before finally deciding to return to New York City. The lyrics incorporate literary references to Malcolm Lowry's Under the Volcano,  Edgar Allan Poe's "The Murders in the Rue Morgue" and Jack Kerouac's Desolation Angels, while the song's title references Arthur Rimbaud's "My Bohemian Life (Fantasy)". Music journalist Toby Creswell included it on his list of the 1001 greatest songs of all time, and music critic Dave Marsh ranked the live version of "Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues" from Liverpool, released as the B-side of "I Want You", as the #243 greatest single of all time.
Amos Fiat (born December 1, 1956) is an Israeli computer scientist, a professor of computer science at Tel Aviv University. He is known for his work in cryptography, online algorithms, and algorithmic game theory.
St. Paraskevi's Church (Albanian: Kisha e Shën Premtes) is a church in Hllomo, Gjirokastër County, Albania. It is a Cultural Monument of Albania.
Isidre Puig Boada (*Barcelona, 1891 –† Barcelona, 1987) was a Spanish Catalan architect born in Barcelona in 1890, who belonged to the small and select group of architects that were connected to Antoni Gaudí and collaborated with him on his works. He first met Gaudí in 1914 when he was still a student. When Gaudí died in 1926, he was working on the Sagrada Família with Domènec Sugrañes i Gras. In 1950, Boada was assigned director of this construction.
In 1929, Boada published El temple de la Sagrada Família, and in 1976 L'església de la Colònia Güell. In 1981, at the age of 90, he presented Gaudí's thoughts, a collection of several articles on Gaudí's works. Besides architecture, this work also acquaints the reader with Gaudí's political and social thoughts.
Anoratha albitibita is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Wileman and West in 1930. It is found on Luzon in the Philippines.
The wingspan is about 50 mm. The forewings are dark chocolate brown with a reddish touch and a very prominent ivory-coloured costal line, marked brownish on the costal margin.
The 1954–55 British Home Championship was a football tournament played between the British Home Nations during the 1954–55 football season. It was won by a strong England side which included players such as Johnny Haynes and Nat Lofthouse as well as future manager Don Revie. England and Scotland, had competed at the 1954 FIFA World Cup in the summer before the tournament began and both teams had struggled, eventually being knocked out by Uruguay, Scotland by a 7–0 margin.
England began the tournament as favourites and proved their status with a simple victory over Ireland in their first match. Scotland matched this with a difficult win over Wales in their match, although only by one goal to nil. Both Wales and Ireland improved in their second matches, the Irish holding Scotland to a 2–2 draw whilst the Welsh almost achieved the same against England in London, eventually losing 3–2. The final games were played at the conclusion of the domestic season, and saw Ireland fall to the Welsh under their inspirational goalscorer John Charles, who netted a hat trick in a 3–2 victory. England had by this time taken the championship with a comprehensive demolition of Scotland 7–2 in their final match, Dennis Wilshaw claiming four of the goals.
The CONCACAF Gold Cup is North America's major tournament in senior men's football and determines the continental champion. Until 1989, the tournament was known as CONCACAF Championship. It is currently held every two years. From 1996 to 2005, nations from other confederations have regularly joined the tournament as invitees. In earlier editions, the continental championship was held in different countries, but since the inception of the Gold Cup in 1991, the United States are constant hosts or co-hosts.
From 1973 to 1989, the tournament doubled as the confederation's World Cup qualification. CONCACAF's representative team at the FIFA Confederations Cup was decided by a play-off between the winners of the last two tournament editions in 2015 via the CONCACAF Cup, but was then discontinued along with the Confederations Cup.Since the inaugural tournament in 1963, the Gold Cup was held 26 times and has been won by seven different nations, most often by Mexico (11 titles).
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines became a full FIFA-member in 1988, but entered the qualification process for a continental championship for the first time in 1993. They qualified once for a major tournament: The CONCACAF Gold Cup in 1996. Out of the 27 nations which have participated at Gold Cups or its preceding tournaments, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines are the only one which have yet to score a goal.
Varavoor, a lush green residential village in Thrissur district is in the state of Kerala, India.
It is widely believed that this village was situated on the banks of Bharathapuzha during prehistoric times. Shrinking of the river over several millennia of human settlements has moved the village more distant from its banks. It is surrounded by small green hills and is 30 mins drive away from the cultural capital of Kerala. Varavoor was declared "litigation-free" village on 7 May 2000.
Climatic conditions in and around Varavoor varies around the year. The well-known Palakkal Pooram is usually held in the month of February welcoming tourists from different parts of the country. During the month of February, paddy fields surrounding the Palakkal temple is usually fallow after harvest, making it ideal location for gathering for the pooram festivities and for fireworks at night.
Carlo Bocchio, also known as JackOilRain (born March 25, 1974), is an Italian illustrator and comic book artist (Heavy Metal).
His style was strongly influenced by Simon Bisley, Justin Sweet, and by costume designer Bob Ringwood.
His paintings have been published in the World of Warcraft role-playing game and on collectible card games such as A Game of Thrones, Call of Cthulhu, Runebound  (Fantasy Flight Games), Wizards of the Coast's Dungeons & Dragons (including interior art on Drow of the Underdark) and Nephandum/Creatures of terror, Empyrea (Asterion Press for role-playing games), and now works for Mongoose Publishing.
Piet Oudolf (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈpit ˈʌudɔl(ə)f]; born 27 October 1944) is a Dutch garden designer, plant nursery man and author. He is a leading figure of the "New Perennial"  movement — his designs and plant compositions using bold drifts of herbaceous perennials and grasses which are chosen at least as much for their structure as for their flower colour.
Introducing Joe Gordon is the debut album by American jazz trumpeter Joe Gordon featuring tracks recorded in late 1954 and released on the EmArcy label.
Manuel Feller (born 13 October 1992) is an Austrian World Cup alpine ski racer. Feller specializes in the technical events of slalom and giant slalom, and made his World Cup debut in November 2012.
The 1913 Goodall Cup Final marks the fifth inter-state ice hockey championship in Australia and the last championship played before the series was suspended due to World War I.
Svetla Nikolova Durchova (Bulgarian: Светла Николова Дурчова; born 24 October 1960) is a Bulgarian rower. She competed in the women's coxed four event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
George V. Forman (December 3, 1841 – October 22, 1922) was a founder of VanderGrift, Forman & Company, which became part of the Standard Oil Company. Forman was also a prominent Buffalo banker in the late 1800s and early 1900s, founding the Fidelity Trust and Guaranty Company, which later merged with the Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company to become M&T Bank.
Project Vanguard was a program managed by the United States Naval Research Laboratory (NRL), which intended to launch the first artificial satellite into Earth orbit using a Vanguard rocket as the launch vehicle from Cape Canaveral Missile Annex, Florida.
In response to the launch of Sputnik 1 on October 4, 1957, the U.S. restarted the Explorers Program, which had been proposed earlier by the Army Ballistic Missile Agency (ABMA). Privately, however, the CIA and President Dwight D. Eisenhower were aware of progress being made by the Soviets on Sputnik from secret spy plane imagery. Together with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), ABMA built Explorer 1 and launched it on January 31, 1958. Before work was completed, however, the Soviet Union launched a second satellite, Sputnik 2, on November 3, 1957. Meanwhile, the spectacular televised failure of Vanguard TV3 on December 6, 1957, deepened American dismay over the country's position in the Space Race.
On March 17, 1958, Vanguard 1 became the second artificial satellite successfully placed in Earth orbit by the United States. It was the first solar-powered satellite. Just 152 mm (6.0 in) in diameter and weighing just 1.4 kg (3.1 lb), Vanguard 1 was described by then-Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev as, "The grapefruit satellite."Vanguard 1, and the upper stage of its launch rocket, are the oldest artificial satellites still in space, as Vanguard's predecessors, Sputnik 1, Sputnik 2, and Explorer 1, have decayed from orbit.
The following are the statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 2008 season.
Cymbidium suave, commonly known as the snake orchid or grassy boat-lip orchid, is a plant in the orchid family and is endemic to eastern Australia. It is an epiphytic orchid that forms long-lasting clumps of grass-like leaves. Up to fifty crowded olive green to dark or brownish green flowers are borne on an arching flowering stem. Of the three Australian species of Cymbidium, this is the only one that does not have prominent pseudobulbs. It is found in eastern Australia, usually growing in the hollows of old or fallen, decaying trees.
Pawton Quoit is a prehistoric portal dolmen, which dates to the Early and Middle Neolithic period in England (3500–2600 BC). The burial monument is located near Haycrock Farm, south of St Breock, in Cornwall, England.
The Cork and Muskerry Light Railway was a 3 ft (914 mm) narrow gauge railway in County Cork, Ireland. The first part of the railway opened in 1887 and closed in 1934. A major reason for building the railway was to exploit tourist traffic to Blarney Castle.
Moses ben Elijah Capsali (Hebrew: משה בן אליהו קפשאלי; born 1420–1495) was Hakham Bashi (Chief Rabbi) of the Ottoman Empire.
Potiphar's wife is a minor character in the Hebrew Bible and the Quran. She was the wife of Potiphar, the captain of Pharaoh's guard in the time of Jacob and his twelve sons. According to the Book of Genesis, she falsely accused Joseph of attempted rape after he rejected her sexual advances, resulting in his imprisonment.
In Genesis she is given no name, but in later medieval Jewish sources and Islamic tradition, she is identified as Zuleikha ( zoo-LAY-kah; Hebrew: זוליכה, romanized: zú-li'-koh; Arabic: زُلَيْخَا, romanized: zulayḵā).
The Communauté de communes du Pays de Jeanne is a former administrative association of communes in the Vosges department of eastern France and in the region of Lorraine.
The grouping is named after Joan of Arc, who was born at Domrémy-la-Pucelle around 1412, and who has been an iconic figure in France ever since her popular rediscovery as part of the surge in nationalism that France, along with the most of the rest of Europe, experienced during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.
Created in 1998, the association had its administrative offices at Coussey. It was merged into the new Communauté de communes du Bassin de Neufchâteau in January 2013.
Nurul Qadir Junu (Bengali: নুরুল কাদীর জুনু) is a Awami League politician and the former Member of Parliament of Faridpur-10.
Pinulot Ka Lang sa Lupa (International title: Envy) is a 2017 Philippine television drama series starring Julie Anne San Jose and Benjamin Alves. The series is based on the comic novel and the 1987 film of the same title. It aired from January 30, 2017 to April 12, 2017 on the network's Afternoon Prime line up and worldwide on GMA Pinoy TV replacing Sa Piling ni Nanay.NUTAM (Nationwide Urban Television Audience Measurement) People in Television Homes ratings are provided by AGB Nielsen Philippines.
Cystolepiota is a genus of mushroom-forming fungi in the family Agaricaceae.
James M. Danko is an American entrepreneur and academic administrator serving as the 21st president of Butler University.
The eighth HMS Shannon was the first British armoured cruiser. She was the last Royal Navy ironclad to be built which had a propeller that could be hoisted out of the water to reduce drag when she was under sail, and the first to have an armoured deck.
Yum Balam Flora and Fauna Protection Area (Spanish: Área de protección de flora y fauna Yum Balam) is a Mexican Flora and Fauna Protection Area located in the state of Quintana Roo in southeastern Mexico. Established in 1994, the nature reserve was the first protected area in Mexico to be created at the request of local communities. The reserve includes wetlands along the north shore of the Yucatán Peninsula and adjacent Isla Holbox and has been designated as a protected Ramsar site since 2004.
The Burkina Faso Armed Forces (French: Forces armées du Burkina Faso) is the term used for the national military of Burkina Faso. The service branches of the armed forces include its Army, Air Force, National Gendarmerie and People's Militia. Being a landlocked country, Burkina Faso has no navy.
The World Group was the highest level of Davis Cup competition in 1998. The first-round losers went into the Davis Cup World Group Qualifying Round, and the winners progressed to the quarterfinals and were guaranteed a World Group spot for 1999.
Sweden were the defending champions and won their second consecutive title, defeating Italy in the final, 4–1. The final was held at the Forum di Assago in Milan, Italy, from 4 to 6 December. It was the Swedish team's 7th Davis Cup title overall.
Herzogenrath (Ripuarian: Herzeroa; Limburgish: Hertseraoj; Dutch: ’s-Hertogenrade) is a municipality in the district of Aachen in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It borders the Dutch town of Kerkrade, the national border in one section running along the middle of a main road and even directly through the centre of the cross-border Eurode office complex.
"Sex Type Thing" is the debut single released in 1993 by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots from their debut studio album, Core. "Sex Type Thing" also appears on the greatest hits compilation album Thank You. The song spawned a music video which received moderate rotation on MTV (at the height of the early 1990s grunge music scene). The single peaked at number 23 on the US Album Rock Tracks chart.
The Yoker line is part of the North Clyde lines. It is not an extension to a line but one of two routes between Dalmuir and Hyndland  stations (the other route between them being the Singer line). The stations that lie on the Yoker line are:
(Dalmuir) (Platforms 3, 4 & 5)As the shortest route between Dalmuir and Hyndland, with the journey time being 13 minutes, the Yoker line is also the line that the express services to Helensburgh Central pass through (although these do not call at the stations).
Muksu (Tajik: Муксу, Persian: مُغ‌سو) is a jamoat in Tajikistan. It is located in Lakhsh District, one of the Districts of Republican Subordination. The jamoat has a total population of 10,501 (2015). It consists of 5 villages, including Sarikenje (the seat) and Muk.
The Allegheny Athletic Association was an athletic club that fielded the first ever professional American football player and later the first fully professional football team.  The organization was founded in 1890 as a regional athletic club in Allegheny, Pennsylvania, which is today the North Shore of Pittsburgh.
The China Numismatic Society (Chinese: 中国钱币学会; pinyin: Zhōngguó qiánbì xuéhuì) is a society focusing on numismatics in the People's Republic of China, with its secretariat in the China Numismatic Museum in Beijing.
Javier "Javi" Hernández Tarroc (born 14 September 2000) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central defender for Deportivo Aragón.
Boneh-ye Rezvan (Persian: بنه رضوان, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Rez̤vān) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 4 families.
The Symphony Sessions is a studio album released by The Manhattan Transfer on October 3, 2006.
Cindy Wright is an artist who was born in Herentals, Belgium on November 29, 1972.  She earned a Master in the Visual Arts (painting) from the Royal Academy of Fine Arts (Antwerp) in 1996 and a laureate at the Higher Institute for Fine Arts, Antwerp in 2006.  She currently lives and works in Antwerp.
She is best known for her large-scale paintings with a macabre twist, often described as photorealism.  Untitled (Self-portrait) from 2008, in the collection of the Honolulu Museum of Art, demonstrates the artist's gritty, non-idealized style. The Frederick R. Weisman Art Foundation (Los Angeles), the Het Museum van Elsene (Brussels, Belgium), the Honolulu Museum of Art, the Las Vegas Art Museum, the Madison Museum of Contemporary Art (Madison, Wisconsin), the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego (California), and the Royal Academy of Fine Arts (Antwerp) are among the public collections holding work by Cindy Wright.
Ōtaki (大滝村, Ōtaki-mura) was a village located in Usu District, Iburi Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan.
As of 2004, the village had an estimated population of 2,054 and a density of 7.50 persons per km². The total area was 274.03 km².
On 1 March 2006, Ōtaki was merged into the city of Date.
Epicure were an Australian progressive rock band formed in Ballarat, in 1996 as Pima's Little Finger. Their original line-up was Juan Alban on vocals and guitar, Tim Bignell on bass guitar, Michael Brown on guitar, Luke Cairnes on guitar and Dom Santamaria on drums. "Armies Against Me" and "Life Sentence", were picked up by national youth radio, Triple J. These appeared on The Goodbye Girl (March 2004), their third album. Both tracks were listed on the Triple J Hottest 100, 2003, whilst the title track of their next extended play, Self Destruct in Five (October 2004), made the Triple J Hottest 100, 2004.
In late 2003 they supported United States rock group, Live, on their Australian tour. They played at the Big Day Out festival in January 2004 and at both Falls Festivals in December. The group disbanded in mid-2010 after a final tour, Quietly into the Night.
The 1984 Camel GT Championship season was the 14th season of the IMSA GT Championship auto racing series.  It was for GTP class prototypes and GTO and GTU class Grand Tourer-style racing cars.  It began February 4, 1984, and ended November 25, 1984, after seventeen rounds.
HMS Marlborough was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, launched on 22 June 1807 at Deptford. In 1808, she helped escort the Portuguese royal family in its flight from Portugal to Brazil. In 1812 Marlborough became the flagship to Rear-Admiral Sir George Cockburn off Cadiz, from where she went to the North America Station and took part in the capture of Washington in August 1814.Marlborough was laid up in Ordinary at Portsmouth from 1816 and broken up there in July 1835.
The Cobbe family is an Irish landed family. The family has a notable history, and has produced several prominent Irish politicians, clergymen, writers, activists and soldiers, such as philosopher, writer and social reformer Frances Power Cobbe and General Sir Alexander Cobbe VC.
Corydoras coriatae is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the family Callichthyidae. It originates in inland waters in South America. Corydoras coriatae is restricted to Ucayali River basin in Peru.The fish is named in honor of Nery Coriat, a supplier of aquarium fishes from Peru who has worked in the Peruvian fish business for the past 25 years and has contributed a great deal to the business.
Lying 5 miles west of Newmarket, and two miles south west of Burwell, the village is often paired with its neighbour Swaffham Bulbeck, and are collectively referred to as 'The Swaffhams'. Swaffham Prior was often known as Great Swaffham in past centuries. It should not be confused with the town of Swaffham in Norfolk.
Ian Shaw,  (born 1961) is an Egyptologist and academic, who was formerly Reader in Egyptian Archaeology at the University of Liverpool.
Marc van Orsouw (born 12 April 1964) is a former Dutch racing cyclist. He rode in eight Grand Tours between 1986 and 1994.
Brow Head (Irish: Ceann Bró) is the most southerly point of mainland Ireland. It is in the rural townland of Mallavogue near Crookhaven in County Cork, Ireland. It is 3.8 km east of Mizen Head at latitude 51.43ºN.
Daniel Pérez Moreno (born 17 July 1981), commonly known as Tonino, is a Spanish former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Jorge Luis Toro Sánchez (born January 10, 1939 in Santiago de Chile) is a retired football midfielder from Chile, who represented his native country at the 1962 FIFA World Cup in Chile. He scored the second goal in Chile's 2-0 win over Italy at that tournament, in a match that is remembered as the Battle of Santiago.
Canuelloida is an order of copepods belonging to the class Hexanauplia.Families:
The Deep Blue Good-by is the first of 21 novels in the Travis McGee series by American author John D. MacDonald.Commissioned in 1964 by Fawcett Publications editor Knox Burger, the book  establishes for the series an investigative protagonist in a residential Florida base. All titles in the 21-volume series include a color, a mnemonic device which was suggested by his publisher so that when harried travelers in airports looked to buy a book, they could at once see those MacDonald titles they had not yet read. (MacDonald also included color in a further two unrelated novels: A Flash of Green and The Girl, the Gold Watch & Everything.)
Beauty Queens are a Serbian girlband, formed in Helsinki, Finland, in May 2007, after Marija Šerifović's victory in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007. The girls sang the backing vocals, and became very popular. They also reached third place at Beovizija 2008.
Porter Moss (June 10, 1910 – July 16, 1944) was an American Negro league baseball submarine style pitcher who played primarily for the Cincinnati Tigers and the Memphis Red Sox and was a three-time participant in the Negro league All-Star game.  While returning to Memphis after a game, Moss was murdered in an altercation at the age of 34.
Commercial whaling in the United States dates to the 17th century in New England. The industry peaked in 1846–1852, and New Bedford, Massachusetts, sent out its last whaler, the John R. Mantra, in 1927. The Whaling industry was engaged with the production of three different raw materials: whale oil, spermaceti oil, and whalebone. Whale oil was the result of "trying-out" whale blubber by heating in water. It was a primary lubricant for machinery, whose expansion through the Industrial Revolution depended upon before the development of petroleum-based lubricants in the second half of the 19th century. Once the prized blubber and spermaceti had been extracted from the whale, the remaining majority of the carcass was discarded. Spermaceti oil came solely from the head-case of sperm whales. It was processed by pressing the material rather than "trying-out". It was more expensive than whale oil, and highly regarded for its use in illumination, by burning the oil on cloth wicks or by processing the material into spermaceti candles, which were expensive and prized for their clean-burning properties. Chemically, spermaceti is more accurately classified as a wax rather than an oil.
Whalebone was baleen plates from the mouths of the baleen whales. Whalebone was commercially used to manufacture materials that required light but strong and thin supports. Women's corsets, umbrella and parasol ribs, crinoline petticoats, buggy whips and collar-stiffeners were commonly made of whalebone. Public records of exports of these three raw materials from the United States date back to 1791, and products of New England whaling represented a major portion of the American GDP for nearly 100 years.Historic Aboriginal whaling within the boundaries of today's United States predated the arrival of European explorers, and is still practiced using the exception granted by the International Whaling Commission, which allows some subsistence hunting by Native Americans for cultural reasons. Catches have increased from 18 whales in 1985 to over 70 in 2010. The latest IWC quota regarding the subsistence hunting of the bowhead whale allows for up to 336 to be killed in the period 2013–2018. Residents of the United States are also subject to U.S. Federal government bans against whaling as well.
Dwellers is an American found footage horror film written by, directed by, and starring Drew Fortier. The plot of the film follows a documentary crew who eventually go missing while uncovering the truths behind the disappearances within a homeless community. The film stars Drew Fortier, James L. Edwards, and Douglas Esper as themselves.
Patia cordillera is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found from Costa Rica to Colombia and Ecuador.The wingspan is about 80 mm (3.1 in).
Anelosimus kohi is a species of spider in the family Theridiidae. It is found in Singapore and Malaysia.  The species is named for Joseph K. H. Koh, an entomologist from Singapore who collected the holotype specimen.
The Oklahoma House of Representatives is the lower house of the legislature of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Its members introduce and vote on bills and resolutions, provide legislative oversight for state agencies, and help to craft the state's budget. The upper house of the Oklahoma Legislature is the Oklahoma Senate.
The Oklahoma Constitution established the powers of the Oklahoma House of Representatives in 1907. Voters further amended those powers through constitutional referenda. One referendum required legislators to balance the annual state budget. Others specified the length and dates of the legislative session. Today, there are 101 House members, each representing a legislative district. District boundaries are redrawn every decade to ensure districts of equal population. Members must be 21 years of age at the time of election and a qualified elector and a resident of the legislative district to serve in the House. The state holds district elections every two years coincident with federal elections and special elections to fill vacant seats. The House meets from early February until the last Friday in May. Members elect a Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives as the presiding officer and a Speaker Pro Tempore, who serves as the presiding officer in his or her absence. Members organize in political party-based caucuses to develop partisan policy agendas.
After the 2020 election, Republicans hold a supermajority of the House seats in the 58th Oklahoma Legislature.
The Eddie series (Swedish: Eddieserien)  is a book series written by  Viveca Lärn (earlier Viveca Sundvall) about Eddie, a boy in early primary school. The books were originally published between 1991 and 2001, and make up a spin-off series set in the Mimmi universe. The books are told from a third-person perspective and the main character, Eddie, is the brother of Mimmi's friend Anders. Eddie's father is an alcoholic when the stories begin.In 1994, a television series based on the books and named Håll huvudet kallt was produced. It aired as Sveriges Television's Christmas calendar that year.
Ilmārs Poikāns (born November 4, 1978) is a Latvian AI researcher at the Institute of Mathematics and Computer Science at the University of Latvia. He has used the pseudonym Neo (of The Matrix), and is also known in the press as Latvia's "Robin Hood".
Drzeń [dʐɛɲ] (German: Dryhn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sławoborze, 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Świdwin, and 88 km (55 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Wriggleswade Dam is a combined gravity and arch type dam located on the Kubusi River near Stutterheim, Eastern Cape, South Africa. It was established in 1991 and serves primarily for municipal and industrial water supply purposes. The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high (3).
The Iglesia de Santiago is a Neo-Gothic church in the locality of Sama, in the municipality of Langreo, Asturias, Spain.
A church similar in plan to the present, but simpler and not as tall, was first built in the 19th century and dedicated to San Eulogio. It was burned in October 1934, during the Spanish Civil War. It was rebuilt in the 1950s.
The Edwin E. Benedict House was a historic house located on Cox Island in the Siuslaw River, near Florence, Oregon, United States.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Robert Nelson (1944 – December 15, 2018) was an American economist who was professor of environmental policy in the University of Maryland School of Public Policy and a senior fellow of the Independent Institute. He authored over 100 journal articles and edited book chapters, as well as nine books. Nelson was a nationally recognized authority in areas including the management of public land and zoning in the United States, but is best known for his books about the relationship between economics, environmentalism, and Christianity.In a review of Economics As Religion: From Samuelson to Chicago and Beyond, economist Robert Tollison wrote that "Nelson's basic thesis is that economics is more like a religion than a science. In fact, he argues that economics in the twentieth century has virtually supplanted organized religion with a creed of material progress." Economist David Colander described Reaching for Heaven on Earth: The Theological Meaning of Economics as arguing that "the economics profession is the priesthood of a powerful secular religion." Nelson's book The New Holy Wars: Economic Religion versus Environmental Religion was silver medal winner in the “Finance, Investment, Economics” category of the 2010 Independent Publisher Book Awards.
Julia Glushko and Olivia Rogowska were the defending champions, having won the event in 2012, but lost in the first round to Stéphanie Dubois and Stéphanie Foretz Gacon.
Sharon Fichman and Maryna Zanevska won the tournament, defeating Jacqueline Cako and Natalie Pluskota in the final, 6–2, 6–2.
The velvet catshark (Parmaturus lanatus) is a deepwater catshark. It is known only from a single specimen collected off the Tanimbar Islands in the Arafura Sea, Indonesia, at a 840–855 m depth. The only known specimen, a juvenile male, measured a total of 36 cm in length.
Shiloh is an unincorporated community in Illinois Township, Pope County, Arkansas, United States. It is located between Dover and Russellville on Arkansas Highway 7.
Make me a sandwich is a catchphrase used in popular culture, often on the internet, to mock or discredit women in a satirical manner. It is a stereotype based on women belonging in the kitchen.For example, during Hillary Clinton's 2008 campaign for the Democratic nomination for United States President, it was noted in the news that a Facebook group had been created titled "Hillary Clinton: Stop Running for President and Make Me a Sandwich." This implies that as a woman, Hillary Clinton had no business getting into a predominantly male profession. Another example is a Slashdot poster that aims to discredit militant feminists that reads "GET YOUR ASS BACK IN THE KITCHEN AND MAKE ME A SANDWICH".
The 2017 Stockholm FIM Speedway Grand Prix was the tenth race of the 2017 Speedway Grand Prix season. It took place on September 22 at the Friends Arena in Stockholm, Sweden.
Atherandra is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Apocynaceae.Its native range is Indo-China to Western Malesia.Species:
A hardcourt (or hard court) is a surface or floor on which a sport is played, most usually in reference to tennis courts. It is typically made of rigid materials such as asphalt or concrete, and covered with acrylic resins to seal the surface and mark the playing lines, while providing some cushioning. Historically, hardwood surfaces were also in use in indoor settings, similar to an indoor basketball court, but these surfaces are rare now.
The Marterburg is a street in the Schnoor district of Bremen in the north of Germany. The name comes from Mattenburg as it was the place where the millers used to store flour in Matten (silos). The street runs from Ostertorstraße in a southwesterly direction curving slightly westwards before reaching the Tiefer near the river. Sidestreets include Kolpingstraße, Hinter der Balge and Schnoor. The street follows the old city wall which forms the rear of the houses on the eastern side, sometimes being used as part of their foundations. Many of the buildings to the south of Kolpingstraße are old listed buildings, several of which have been restored.
Eric Lockeyear (born 3 June 1941) is a Hong Kong sailor. He competed in the Flying Dutchman event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Acidipila rosea  is a Gram-negative, chemoorganotrophic, acidophilic and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Acidipila which has been isolated from an acid mine drainage.
The 1985–86 NCAA Division I men's preseason basketball rankings was made up of two human polls, the AP Poll and the Coaches Poll, in addition to various other preseason polls. The Louisville Cardinals would finish the season ranked at the top of both polls after winning the National Championship.
Agia Marinouda (Greek: Αγία Μαρινούδα) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 7 km east of Paphos.
Vourukasha is the name of a heavenly sea in Zoroastrian mythology. It was created by Ahura Mazda and in its middle stood the Harvisptokhm or the "tree of all seeds".
Monkey Man is an upcoming American action thriller film written by Paul Angunawela, John Collee and Dev Patel, who is also the director.
ClearCheckbook.com is a freemium, web-based personal money management tool created by Brandon O'Brien.
Lisa Stansfield is the fourth album by British singer Lisa Stansfield, released by Arista Records on 21 March 1997. It was her first new studio album since 1993's So Natural. Stansfield co-wrote most songs for the album with her husband Ian Devaney. The tracks were produced by Devaney and Peter Mokran. Lisa Stansfield garnered favourable reviews from music critics and was commercially successful, reaching number two in the United Kingdom and receiving Gold certification. In the United States, it spawned four number-one singles on Billboard's Hot Dance Club Songs. Lisa Stansfield was rereleased as a deluxe 2CD + DVD set in the United Kingdom on 10 November 2014 and in Europe on 21 November 2014.
Takeda Ayasaburō (武田 斐三郎, November 4, 1827 - January 28, 1880), was a Japanese Rangaku scholar, and the architect of the fortress of Goryōkaku in Hokkaidō.
Takeda was born in the Ōzu Domain (modern-day Ōzu, Ehime) in 1827. He studied medicine, Western sciences (rangaku), navigation, military architecture. He was a student of Ogata Kōan and Sakuma Shōzan. In 1854 he was ordered to the island of Hokkaidō to reinforce the military infrastructure.
He built the fortresses of Goryōkaku and Benten Daiba between 1854 and 1866, using Dutch books on military architecture describing the defensive principles which Vauban had developed more than a century before, and also established a school. He also practiced sailing with the Hakodate Maru, one of Japan's first Western-style sailing ship, together with his students. He sailed to Russia with the ship, and engaged in some exchanges.
Anastasiya Alexandrovna Vertinskaya (Russian: Анастасия Александровна Вертинская, born 19 December 1944, Moscow, Soviet Union) is a Soviet and Russian actress, who came to prominence in the early 1960s with her acclaimed performances in Scarlet Sails, Amphibian Man and Grigori Kozintsev's Hamlet.In the 1990s, disillusioned with the state of cinema at home, she went abroad to teach and spent 12 years in France, England, the United States and Switzerland. In 1988 Vertinskaya was designated a People's Artist of Russia. She is also a recipient of the Order of Honour (2005) and the Order of Friendship (2010).
St Hilda's College Boat Club, Oxford (SHCBC) is a rowing club part of the University of Oxford, England, located on the River Thames at Oxford. The club was founded in 1911, and competes primarily in the Torpids and Summer Eights bumps races in Oxford.
Reina Hispanoamericana 2021 was the 30th edition of the Reina Hispanoamericana pageant. It was held on October 30, 2021 in Santa Cruz, Bolivia. Regina Peredo of Mexico crowned Andrea Bazarte of Mexico as her successor at the end of the event. This marked Mexico’s first back-to-back victory in the pageant.
Bryan Young (born July 6, 1974) is an American bassoonist and technology entrepreneur.
Elisa Yukie Yokoyama (born 22 February 1997) is a Singaporean sailor.
Kim Clifford (born 16 October 1956) is an Australian alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.
Üçpınar is a village in the Çüngüş District of Diyarbakır Province in Turkey.
The 2021–22 Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball team represents Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University during the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Hokies are led by third-year head coach Mike Young and play their home games at Cassell Coliseum in Blacksburg, Virginia, as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Fleet Air Arm Memorial, sometimes known as Daedalus, is a war memorial in London, commemorating the service of the Royal Naval Air Service and the Fleet Air Arm from their establishments in 1914 and 1924 respectively, in the First World War, the Second World War, the Korean War, the Falklands War and the Gulf War, including over 6,000 killed in all conflicts.  The service of the Fleet Air Arm is also commemorated at the National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire, at the former base of the Fleet Air Arm at HMS Daedalus in Lee-on-the-Solent, and at the Church of St Bartholomew, Yeovilton.
The memorial comprises a thin stone column on which stands a bronze statue of a naval airman, wearing a flying suit and helmet, and with wings attached to his arms like Daedalus from Ancient Greek mythology, resembling a winged victory or an angel.  The base of the memorial has a gilded inscription of the name and insignia of the Fleet Air Arm. It also bears the names of battles where the units fought, a dedication "To the everlasting memory of all the men and women from the United Kingdom the British Commonwealth and the many Allied Nations who have given their lives whilst serving in the Royal Naval Air Service and the Fleet Air Arm", and a quotation from Psalm 18:10: "He rode upon a cherub and did fly yea he did fly upon the wings of the wind".
It was designed by James Butler.  It was unveiled on 1 June 2000 by Charles, Prince of Wales, and stands in Victoria Embankment Gardens, between the River Thames and the headquarters of the Ministry of Defence, facing the Royal Air Force Memorial.  Also nearby are the Korean War Memorial, the Iraq and Afghanistan Memorial, the Chindit Memorial, and the Battle of Britain Monument.
The Avening Valley is located in the South Cotswolds in England, running roughly east from Nailsworth and through the village of Avening.During the 17th century the cloth industry developed in the Avening Valley, with mills powered by the Avening Stream.  One of the larger cloth mills was named the Holcombe Mill (an old "gig" mill), which was adapted in 1879 for manufacture of bedding. Another is at Longfords Mills, Minchinhampton.
Belgium was represented by Ann Christy, with the song '"Gelukkig zijn", at the 1975 Eurovision Song Contest, which took place on 22 March in Stockholm. Christy was the winner of the Belgian national final for the contest, held on 1 March; she had previously taken part in the Belgian preselections of 1970, 1971 and 1973. Future Belgian representative Micha Marah (1979) also took part.
A smile is formed primarily by flexing the muscles at the sides of the mouth. Some smiles include a contraction of the muscles at the corner of the eyes, an action known as a Duchenne smile. 
Among humans, a smile expresses delight, sociability, happiness, joy or amusement. It is distinct from a similar but usually involuntary expression of anxiety known as a grimace. Although cross-cultural studies have shown that smiling is a means of communication throughout the world, there are large differences among different cultures, religions and societies, with some using smiles to convey confusion or embarrassment.
James Laurence Melcher (born November 5, 1939) is an American hedge fund manager and former Olympic fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Fran Pilepić (born May 5, 1989) is a Croatian professional basketball player, currently playing for Adria Oil Škrljevo in the Croatian League. Standing at 6 ft 4 in (1.93 m), he plays the shooting guard position.
A coupure is a means of closing an opening in a wall, floodwall or levee (dike). The word comes from the French verb couper which means to cut.
In historic times a coupure was a location where a breach in the city walls or the walls of a fortress was closed. In more modern times a coupure is a way of allowing traffic to pass a flood protection structure.
The Austro-Hungarian fortifications on the Italian border were constructed in the 19th and early 20th centuries to protect against invasion from Italy. Most were built in what is today the Trentino-Alto Adige region; some built outside this territory were ceded to Italy after 1866. By the First World War many of them were obsolete, but nevertheless played a role in deterring and containing Italian assaults.
Georgia "Gina" D. Tourassi is the Director of the Oak Ridge National Laboratory health data sciences institute and adjunct Professor of radiology at Duke University. She works on biomedical informatics, computer-aided diagnosis and artificial intelligence (AI) in health care.
The 2016 United Football League was the seventh and last season of the UFL since its establishment as a semi-professional league in 2009. Division 2 is disbanded for this season with all teams competing in one division.The league competition which started on April 30 and ended on October 24 will followed a pure double round robin match with no play-offs.
For this edition the foreign player cap is reduced to four from five foreign players in a playing squad of 18 players, including 7 substitutes. At least one of the four maximum allowable foreign players must be from the Asian country. This was to align to the guidelines followed at the AFC Cup and AFC Champions League. However, a club with more than 25 players may have more than four foreign players in their whole squad provided that they comply with the 4-player foreign player limit rule during match day.Global F.C. won the league with one game to spare.
The 2016 season was the last UFL season following the appointment of UFL President Randy Roxas as part of the task force for the upcoming Philippines Football League which had its inaugural season in 2017.
Rebecca Faye Clark (born 10 October 1960), known as Rebecca Pow, is a British politician, currently serving as Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. A member of the Conservative Party, she has served as Member of Parliament for Taunton Deane since 2015.
Ralph William Lyonel Tollemache-Tollemache, MA, JP (19 October 1826 – 5 October 1895) was an English clergyman in the Church of England. He is best known for the unusual and increasingly eccentric names that he chose for his numerous children.
Emanuel Schreiber (December 13, 1852–1932) was an American rabbi born at Leipnik, Moravia.Schreiber received his education at the Talmudical college of his native town, the rabbinical seminary at Eisenstadt, Hungary, and the Hochschule in Berlin (Ph.D., Heidelberg, 1873). In 1874 he was appointed teacher at the Samson School at Wolfenbüttel, and subsequently became rabbi of Elbing (1875) and Bonn on the Rhine (1878). Later, Schreiber came to the United States, having in 1881 accepted a call to the rabbinate of Mobile, Ala., where he remained until 1883, when he was elected rabbi of Denver, Colorado. He then held successively the rabbinates of Los Angeles, California (1885–89); Little Rock, Arkansas (1889–91); Spokane, Washington (1891–92); Toledo, Ohio (1892–97); and Youngstown, Ohio (1897–1899). From 1899 he was rabbi of Congregation Emanu-El, Chicago.Schreiber was editor of the "Jüdische Gemeinde- und Familien-Zeitung" (later "Die Reform") from 1876 to 1881, and of the "Chicago Occident" from 1893 to 1896; and he wrote many essays for the Jewish press. Of his works may be mentioned: 
"Die Principien des Judenthums Verglichen mit Denen des Christentums," Leipzig, 1877
The 6th Annual Grammy Awards were held on May 12, 1964, at Chicago, Los Angeles and New York. They recognized accomplishments by musicians for the year 1963. Henry Mancini won 4 awards.
Grand Étang is a small community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Inverness County on Cape Breton Island. Grand Étang is noted for its periodic high wind events called Les Suêtes. It is also the location of Nova Scotia's first wind energy project, which was established in 2002.
John Mark Freeman (January 11, 1933 – January 3, 2014) was an American pediatric neurologist specializing in epilepsy. He is known for bringing two long-abandoned treatments for pediatric epilepsy back into popular use. One, the ketogenic diet, is a carefully managed, high-fat diet plan that reduces the incidence of seizures in children during and after its use, and the other, the hemispherectomy, is a drastic surgical procedure in which part or all of one highly seizure-prone hemisphere of the brain is removed to alleviate severe epilepsy.
Jonathan Neo Darnell Garvin (born July 28, 1999) is an American football linebacker for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at the University of Miami.
Alien Soldier is a side-scrolling run and gun video game developed by Treasure and published by Sega for the Mega Drive. Retail copies were released in Japan and PAL territories while in North America it was only available exclusively via the Sega Channel cable service. The story follows a powerful being named Epsilon-Eagle, who after being nearly killed becomes determined to avenge his near death and save his planet. The character has a variety of weapons and moves that the player must master to complete the game. Many gameplay ideas are borrowed from Treasure's earlier Mega Drive release, Gunstar Heroes (1993). However, Alien Soldier puts an emphasis on challenging boss fights with short and easy levels serving as downtime in-between.
Treasure began development on four games after the release of Gunstar Heroes, among these was Alien Soldier. Development lasted two years and was led by Hideyuki Suganami, who originally held ambitious plans and wanted to build the entire game himself. With the market for the Mega Drive quickly shrinking to make headway for the incoming 32-bit fifth generation hardware, Suganami received support from other Treasure staff and released the game with only about half of his original ideas realized. The team designed and marketed Alien Soldier explicitly for "hardcore" Mega Drive gamers, designing its difficulty and scoring methods for those that enjoyed the system's strong action game library.
Alien Soldier was released towards the end of the Mega Drive's lifecycle in February 1995. Critics praised the game for its challenge and gameplay; these sentiments carried over into retrospective reviews where critics also highlighted the game's graphics, soundtrack, and overall intensity. Some negative critique was directed towards the hard difficulty, steep learning curve, and unorthodox gameplay, but many still recommend it to fans of Gunstar Heroes and the run and gun genre. The game's first re-release was on the PlayStation 2 in Japan for the Sega Ages 2500 series which includes different regional releases and extra features.  It was also re-released worldwide on the Wii Virtual Console and Steam.
Breukeleveen is a hamlet in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is in the municipality of Wijdemeren, and lies southwest of Loosdrecht.
The hamlet consists of a single street between two lakes. At the north end, it borders the hamlet of Muyeveld, and on the south end it borders Tienhoven, Stichtse Vecht, in the province of Utrecht.
Lessons of Darkness (German: Lektionen in Finsternis) is a 1992 film by director Werner Herzog. Shot in documentary style on 16mm film from the perspective of an almost alien observer, the film is an exploration of the ravaged oil fields of post-Gulf War Kuwait, decontextualised and characterised in such a way as to emphasise the terrain's cataclysmic strangeness. An effective companion to his earlier film Fata Morgana, Herzog again perceives the desert as a landscape with its own voice.A co-production with Paul Berriff, the film was financed by the television studios Canal+ and Première.
Rione Sanità (literally "Health Neighbourhood" in Italian) is a neighbourhood in Naples, part of the Stella quarter. It is located north of Naples' historical centre, adjacent to the Capodimonte hill.
The 2009 season of Úrvalsdeild karla was the 98th season of top-tier football in Iceland. It is also known as Pepsideild for sponsoring reasons. It began on 10 May 2009 and ended on 26 September 2009. Defending champions FH earned their second consecutive title. Stjarnan once again joined the elite division of Icelandic football after a 9-year absence, as well as ÍBV who return after a 5-year stint in the 1. deild karla.
General Om Prakash Malhotra, PVSM (6 August 1922 – 29 December 2015), best known as OP Malhotra,  was a senior army officer in the Indian Army who served as the 10th Chief of Army Staff of the Indian Army from 1978 – 1981. Upon retiring from his military service in India, he served in the Indian Foreign Service when he tenured as the Indian Ambassador to Indonesia 1981-1984, and later served as a political administrator in India as the Governor of Punjab and Administrator of Chandigarh 1990-1991.
Polybotus or Polybotos (Greek: Πολύβοτος) was a city in the Roman province of Phrygia Salutaris. Its site is located 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of Bolvadin in Asiatic Turkey.
Roland Orlando James (born February 18, 1958) is a former American college and professional football player who was a defensive back in the National Football League (NFL) for eleven seasons during the 1980s and early 1990s.  James played college football for the University of Tennessee, and was recognized as an All-American.  He was selected in the first round of the 1980 NFL Draft, and played for the NFL's New England Patriots for his entire professional career.
McAuley Park is a small public municipal park at the intersection of Kingsway and Fraser Street in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Baptiste Guillaume (born 16 June 1995) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Valenciennes FC.
Local elections were held in Serbia over two rounds on 3 November and 17 November 1996, concurrently with the 1996 Vojvodina provincial election; the first day of voting also coincided with the 1996 Yugoslavian parliamentary election and the 1996 Montenegrin parliamentary election. This was the third local electoral cycle held while Serbia was a member of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the last time that Serbia oversaw local elections throughout Kosovo and Metohija.
Delegates to city and municipal assemblies were elected in single-member constituencies; if no candidate secured a majority in the first round of voting, the top two candidates would face each other in a runoff vote in the second round.
Alfred Iverson Jr. (February 14, 1829 – March 31, 1911) was a lawyer, an officer in the Mexican–American War, a U.S. Army cavalry officer, and a Confederate general in the American Civil War. He served in the 1862–63 campaigns of the Army of Northern Virginia as a regimental and later brigade commander. His career was fatally damaged by a disastrous infantry assault at the first day of the Battle of Gettysburg. General Robert E. Lee removed Iverson from his army and sent him to cavalry duty in Georgia. During the Atlanta Campaign, he achieved a notable success in a cavalry action near Macon, Georgia, capturing Union Army Maj. Gen. George Stoneman and hundreds of his men.
Fernando Heydrich Klein (26 January 1827 – April 1, 1903) was a German businessman, politician, engineer and sculptor who lived in Matanzas, Cuba. Builder of the Acueduct of Matanzas he was politically engaged, playing a significant role during the Ten Years' War in Cuba.
Married to Maria-Candelaria Martínez y Valdez, he was father of American Consul Alfredo Heydrich and Emilio Heydrich, he is ancestor of the artists Daniel Garbade and Juan Esnard Heydrich. He died 1903 and was laid to rest at the Necropolis San Carlos Borromeo, Matanzas.
Don't Knock the Baldhead! Live is a live album by British 2 Tone and ska band Bad Manners, released on 5 November 1997. The album was re-released on 8 February 2005 as Feel Like Jumping! Greatest Hits Live! The album was recorded in Summer 1996 when the band performed live at two Scandinavian festivals and was engineered by their legendary producer Roger Lomas.
Onthophilus giganteus is a species of clown beetle in the family Histeridae. It is found in North America.
Westerplatte or Westerplatte Resists (Pl. Westerplatte broni się nadal) is a 1967 Polish historical film directed by Stanisław Różewicz. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Silver Prize.The story is based upon the Battle of Westerplatte in September 1939.
SS Ithaka was a small freighter, originally built as Frank A. Augsbury for the Canadian George Hall Coal & Shipping Corporation in 1922. She went on to sail for a variety of different owners, and was renamed Granby in 1927, Parita II in 1948, Valbruna in 1951, Lawrencecliffe Hall in 1952, Federal Explorer in 1955 and finally Ithaka in 1960, before being wrecked on the Canadian coast later that year.
Penhammus pauper is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the sole member of the genus Penhammus. It was described by Kolbe in 1894.
Elections to Daventry District Council were held on 7 May 1998.  One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
Anjali Narzary is an Indian Bodo language poetess. She is recipient of Sahitya Akademi Award for her poetry "Ang Mabwrwi Dong Daswng" in 2016.
Lake Clear is a hamlet and a lake in Franklin County, New York, United States.  The area is named for 940-acre (3.8 km2) Lake Clear, part of the original Seven Carries canoe route. It is located in the town of Harrietstown.
In the late 19th century, Lake Clear was near the center of a thriving tourist industry; Upper Saint Regis Lake, three miles (5 km) to the north, is home to some of the earliest and most elite of the Adirondack Great Camps, and famous Paul Smith's Hotel was only five miles to the north.  Saranac Inn, on the shore of Upper Saranac Lake, is four miles (6 km) to the west, and the village of Saranac Lake is six miles (10 km) to the southeast.
Stitt Meets Brother Jack (also released as 'Nother Fu'ther) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt with organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1962 and released on the Prestige label.
The 110-vertex Iofinova-Ivanov graph is, in graph theory, a semi-symmetric cubic graph with 110 vertices and 165 edges.
Daisy Tapley (1882–1925) was a classical singer (Contralto) and vaudeville performer. Born Daisy Robinson in Big Rapids, Michigan, she was raised in Chicago, where she played piano and the organ with music teachers Emil Liebling, Clarence Eddy, and later with Pedro Tinsley. At age twelve She became the featured organist at Chicago's Quinn Chapel as a musical prodigy. As a teenager, Robinson began training her voice after listening to recordings of the British contralto, Clara Butt. Daisy made history on December 7, 1910 when she became the first African American female to be recorded commercially, in a duet with Carroll Clark.
Óscar Rubén Fernández Romero (born 28 September 1974) is a Spanish football manager, currently in charge of UD Almería B.
Dmitri Petrovich Pozhidaev (Russian: Дмитрий Петрович Пожидаев, 1913 – 1989) was a Soviet diplomat who served as ambassador to Egypt during the Six-Day War in 1967.  According to one work on the Six-Day War, Pozhidaev was believed by officials in the United States to have "contributed to the rising tensions", with one official referring to him as "one big trouble-maker". In August 1967, shortly after the Six Day War, he was removed as ambassador to Egypt and transferred to an unspecified post.As Soviet archives for the period remain closed the details of his role are not clear.
Lakeside Herbal Solutions is a cannabis dispensary located on Mullen Avenue in Clearlake, California.
Ray A. Christensen (May 11, 1922 — April 21, 2008) was an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1977 to 1989.
Christensen was born in Dwight, Illinois on May 11, 1922, and raised in Morris, Illinois. He served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II.A meat inspector and butcher by occupation, Christensen served on the Morris City Council and as President of the Morris Community High School District 101 Board of Education.In the 1976 general election, Christensen as one of three representatives from the 43rd district. The 43rd district included all or parts of Grundy, Will, Kankakee, Iroquois, Ford, and Champaign counties. Elected alongside him were two Republican candidates; incumbent George Ryan and former State Senator Edward McBroom. The fourth candidate was Kankakee County Treasurer Charles Pangle. During his early House tenure, he was a supporter of the Equal Rights Amendment.After the Cutback Amendment eliminated multi-member districts and cumulative voting, Christensen was elected from the 85th district, which included all or parts of Grundy, Will, Kankakee, and LaSalle counties.In the 1986 general election, Jerry Weller challenged Christensen and in the official result, Weller won by a four-vote margin, 14,217 to 14,213. Christensen challenged the result while Weller was sworn in as the State Representative. The Illinois House of Representatives set up a House Committee on Election Contests which heard the two candidates challenges. In a party line vote, the House voted to unseat Weller and seat Christensen. Christensen opted to retire. Jerry Weller defeated Democratic candidate and Grundy County Clerk Lana Phillips to succeed Christensen.Christensen died April 21, 2008.
Keith Hawkins (born 1967) is an English professional poker player, based in Nigeria, North Yorkshire.
The European Mixed Team Badminton Championships is a tournament organized by the Badminton Europe (BE), held once every two years to crown the best badminton mixed national team in Europe.
It was always played just before the European Badminton Championships, the individual competition, in the same venue. However, the European team tournament was split from the European individual event for the first time in 2009.During the tournament, each tie comprises five matches: men and women's singles, men and women's doubles, and mixed doubles.
"With great power comes great responsibility" is an ancient adage, at least as old as the first century BC in the allusion of the Sword of Damocles. The formulation has been used by journalists, authors, and other writers; and in politics, monarchic rhetoric, law enforcement, public safety, and in various media.The paraphrase was further popularized following its appearance in Marvel Comics featuring the character Spider-Man, as well as its feature film adaptations.
MASA syndrome is a rare X-linked recessive neurological disorder on the L1 disorder spectrum belonging in the group of hereditary spastic paraplegias a paraplegia known to increase stiffness spasticity in the lower limbs. This syndrome also has two other names, CRASH syndrome and Gareis-Mason syndrome.
Ayamonte Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Ayamonte, Huelva, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1930 it plays in Tercera División – Group 10, holding home matches at Estadio Ciudad de Ayamonte, with a 5,000-seat capacity.
Schistura huongensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the most speciose genus of the stone loach family Nemacheilidae, Schistura. It has been recorded from the drainage basins of the Perfume River and Cam Lo in central Vietnam. It can be found in the slack water upstream of riffles in medium-sized mountain rivers and streams with a fast current.
Weldon is an unincorporated community in Albert County, New Brunswick. The community is situated in Southeastern New Brunswick, to the south of Moncton.
Karl Hermann Wichelhaus (8 January 1842, Elberfeld – 28 February 1927, Heidelberg) was a German chemist.
He studied chemistry at the universities of Bonn, Göttingen, where he became member of Burschenschaft Hannovera (fraternity) and Ghent, and also trained in London. In 1863 he received his doctorate from the University of Heidelberg, and four years later, obtained his habilitation at Berlin. From 1871 to 1916 he was a professor of chemical technology at the University of Berlin.In 1867 he was one of the founders of the Deutsche Chemische Gesellschaft (German Chemical Society). He is credited for establishing the first technological institute at the University of Berlin.His research mostly dealt with the chemistry of aromatic compounds. He is remembered for his early investigations of the benzene structure known as the Dewar benzene. In 1868 he introduced the term valenz (valence) into chemistry.
The Cheese Grater is a magazine produced at the University College London by a society of UCL Union, a students' union. It was first published in March 2004.
The contents are a mix of (student) political news stories, exclusive investigations and humorous items, particularly cartoons. It most often concerns itself with activities of UCL Union, of which its writers are generally strongly critical.
Jeleńcz [ˈjɛlɛɲt͡ʂ] (German: Jehlenz, Kashubian: Jéléńcz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kęsowo, 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Tuchola, and 52 km (32 mi) north of Bydgoszcz. It is located within the historic region of Pomerania.
Prasocuris junci is a species of leaf beetle native to Europe.
Gustav Hermann William August Koenigs (21 December 1882 – 15 April 1945) was a German lawyer and State Secretary of Transport during the Weimar period and the Third Reich. The conspirators of the 20 July plot planned for him to become Reich Transport Minister (German: Reichsverkehrsminister) had the coup d'état succeeded.
Vyvyan Beresford Holland,  (born Vyvyan Oscar Beresford Wilde; 3 November 1886 – 10 October 1967) was an English author and translator. He was the second-born son of Irish playwright Oscar Wilde and Constance Lloyd, and had a brother Cyril.
Paul Sibra (10 September 1889 – 24 March 1951) was a French regionalist painter, painter of religious scenes, landscapes and portraits.Paul Sibra is nicknamed “le peintre du Lauragais”, after his native region.
Marmorana platychela is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae.
Andy Tielman (30 May 1936 – 10 November 2011) was an influential Indo (Eurasian) artist, recognised as the "godfather" of Indorock, the style of rock and roll played by Indo artists in the 1950s and 1960s. He is considered one of the most important figures in Dutch popular music, and "defied the notion that early rock and roll was a phenomenon of white and black musicians from America".He was known for his wide vocal range (5 octaves) and virtuoso guitar playing as well as his showmanship. Many Dutch musicians, including Jan Akkerman, Barry Hay, and Herman Brood have cited him as major influences.Tielman is credited with releasing the first Dutch rock and roll single, in 1958, and led the first Dutch rock band with international appeal, the Tielman Brothers, in a career that spanned seven decades, from the mid 1950s to his death in 2011. During Tielman's heyday in the 1950s and 1960s, the Tielman Brothers were hailed as the best live act in Europe and received the highest fees. In 2005 he was awarded a Royal decoration in the Order of Orange Nassau. In 2011 Tielman died of gastric cancer.
Sivens Dam (Barrage de Sivens) was a dam which was planned for construction across the Tescou, a tributary of the Tarn in the basin of the Garonne in Southern France, near to Toulouse. The construction site was 10 km north of Lisle-sur-Tarn, in the Department of Tarn (Midi-Pyrénées). The dam was named after the nearby Forest of Sivens. Construction work began in 2014 and was then halted after Rémi Fraisse, a 21-year-old man protesting against the construction project, was killed by a stun grenade fired by police. His death sparked further protests across France, some of which were violent. The project was then closed in 2015 by the Minister of Ecology Ségolène Royal. There was a later proposal for a smaller dam.
Giblet Gravy is the fourth album by jazz/soul guitarist George Benson.
Harish-Chandra FRS (11 October 1923 – 16 October 1983) was an Indian American mathematician and physicist who did fundamental work in representation theory, especially harmonic analysis on semisimple Lie groups.
The Eye that Cries (El Ojo que Llora in Spanish) is a memorial that was born as a private initiative designed to honor the thousands of victims as a result of terrorism in Peru, to strengthen the collective memory of all Peruvians and to promote peace and reconciliation in the country.The Eye that Cries is part of a larger project called The Memory Alameda which will incorporate other art pieces, large extensions of green areas and the Museum of Memory (Yuyanapaq).
Conquestador was a 60-gun ship of the line of the Spanish Navy, launched in 1755.
She was captured by the Royal Navy on 13 August 1762, and commissioned as the fourth rate HMS Conquestador. She was placed on harbour service in 1775, and broken up in 1782.
Zavrč Sports Park is a football stadium in Zavrč, Slovenia. It is used as the home venue of DNŠ Zavrč. The stadium has a seating capacity of 962 spectators.The stadium was renovated in 2003 and expanded between 2013 and 2015, when the ground was completely reconstructed as the old stand was demolished and a new main stand constructed with a seating capacity of 962. The floodlights were installed in May 2012. In 2017, the floodlights were removed and transferred to the Aluminij Sports Park due to financial problems of the club.
The presidential memorials in the United States honor the various presidents of the United States and seek to perpetuate their legacies.
Pallevada is a village in Kaikaluru mandal of Krishna district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Burtville is an unincorporated community in southeastern Johnson County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.The community is located on a narrow ridge between Plum Branch and the Clear Fork of the Blackwater River 7.5 miles southeast of Warrensburg.
Dazhi Road Station (Chinese: 大智路; pinyin: Dàzhì Lù) serves as an interchange station of Line 1 and Line 6 of Wuhan Metro. It entered revenue service along with the completion of Line 1, Phase 1 on July 28, 2004. The station situates at the intersection of Jinghan Avenue and Dazhi Road, immediately above the historic site of the Dazhimen railway station of the depleted Jinghan Railway (simplified Chinese: 京汉铁路; traditional Chinese: 京漢鐵路; pinyin: Jīnghàn Tiělù), which exited revenue service in 1991. The station is also adjacent to Wuhan Yangtze River Tunnel connecting Dazhi Road in Hankou to Youyi Avenue and Shahu Bridge in Wuchang.
Chaparral is a town and municipality in the Tolima department of Colombia.
Apollonia (Greek: Ἀπολλωνία) was an ancient city of Sicily, which, according to Stephanus of Byzantium, was situated in the neighbourhood of Aluntium and Calacte. 
The city was founded by Dionysius I of Syracuse as an outpost against the Carthaginians. 
Cicero also mentions it in conjunction with Haluntium, Capitium, and Enguium, in a manner that seems to imply that it was situated in the same part of Sicily with these cities; and Diodorus states that it was at one time subject to Leptines the tyrant of Enguium from whose hands it was wrested by Timoleon in 342 BC and restored to independency. 
A little later we find it again mentioned among the cities reduced by Agathocles after his return from Africa in 307 BC. But it evidently regained its liberty after the fall of the tyrant, and in the days of Cicero was still a municipal town of some importance. In the 1st c. BC it was civitas decumana subject to sending a tenth of its agricultural income to Rome, and it sent one ship to the fleet to counter pirates. At this time it also suffered from the predatory actions of Verres.The city was later abandoned.
Its site had been much disputed but the passages above cited a point in the north-eastern part of Sicily and the remains have been located through excavations in 2003-5 on Monte Vecchio near San Fratello, rather than at the modern Pollina which was postulated. 
The city walls of isodomic limestone masonry still exist on the south and west sides. Remains of at least two buildings also in isodomic, lie on the E side of the plateau. On the top of the hill is a large rock-cut cistern.
Litro Gas is Sri Lanka's largest gas company. It controls 60% of Sri Lanka's gas market. The company is wholly owned by Ceylon Petroleum Corporation. 
Established in 1872 as Colombo Gas and Water Company, it was a wholly owned subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell until 2010, when it was purchased by the government of Sri Lanka. The company's current name was adopted in 2010. In 2020 Litro Gas brought Hambantota Port LPG tanks. The port is operated by China Merchants Port.
Sydney-Fitzroy, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales, was created in 1894 and abolished in 1904.
Year 646 (DCXLVI) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. The denomination 646 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Mount Rinjani (Indonesian: Gunung Rinjani) is an active volcano in Indonesia on the island of Lombok. Administratively the mountain is in the Regency of North Lombok, West Nusa Tenggara (Indonesian: Nusa Tenggara Barat, NTB). It rises to 3,726 metres (12,224 ft), making it the second highest volcano in Indonesia. It is also the highest point in Indonesian province of West Nusa Tenggara
Adjacent to the volcano is a 6-by-8.5-kilometre (3.7 by 5.3 mi) caldera, which is filled partially by the crater lake known as Segara Anak or Anak Laut (Child of the Sea), due to the color of its water, as blue as the sea (laut). This lake is approximately 2,000 metres (6,600 ft) above sea level and estimated to be about 200 metres (660 ft) deep; the caldera also contains hot springs. Sasak tribe and Hindu people assume the lake and the mount are sacred and some religious activities are occasionally done in the two areas. UNESCO has made Mount Rinjani Caldera a part of the Global Geoparks Network in April 2018.
Stellan Bengtsson (born 26 July 1952) is a Swedish former table tennis player. He became the first Swede to win the men's singles at the World Table Tennis Championships in 1971. He has won three World championships, seven European championships and 65 International championships.
Lakshmi Bomb is a 2017 Indian Telugu-language revenge-drama film starring Lakshmi Manchu.
Bruno Cesar Xavier Sislo (born 27 November 1996), known as Bruno Xavier, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Mirassol.
Zhang Baoshun (Chinese: 张宝顺; born February 1950) is a retired politician of the People's Republic of China, and the former Communist Party Secretary of east China's Anhui province.
The 2012 World Snooker Championship (also referred to as the 2012 Betfred.com World Snooker Championship) was a professional snooker tournament that took place from 21 April to 7 May 2012 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. It was the 36th consecutive year that the World Snooker Championship had been held at the Crucible and the last ranking of the 2011–12 snooker season. The event was broadcast in the United Kingdom by the BBC, and in Europe by Eurosport.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won his fourth world title by defeating Ali Carter 18–11 in the final. Aged 36, O'Sullivan became the oldest world champion since 45-year-old Ray Reardon in 1978. John Higgins, the defending champion, lost 4–13 to Stephen Hendry in the second round. Hendry made the highest break during the tournament, a maximum break of 147. Hendry, seven-time winner of the event, announced his retirement from professional snooker following his defeat by Stephen Maguire in the quarter-finals.
Du Toit and Another v Minister for Welfare and Population Development and Others is a decision of the Constitutional Court of South Africa which granted same-sex couples the ability to jointly adopt children. LGBT people had already been able to adopt children individually, but only married couples could adopt jointly; the decision was handed down in September 2002, four years before same-sex marriage became legal in South Africa. The court ruled unanimously that the statutory provisions limiting joint adoption to married couples were unconstitutional, and the resulting order amended the law to treat same-sex partners in the same way as married couples.The case was brought in 2001 by Suzanne du Toit and Anna-Marié de Vos, who had been partners since 1989. They adopted two children in 1995, but because the law did not allow adoption by unmarried partners, de Vos was the children's only legal parent. They applied to the Transvaal Provincial Division of the High Court to have the relevant provisions of the Child Care Act and the Guardianship Act declared unconstitutional on three grounds: that they unfairly discriminated against du Toit and de Vos on the prohibited grounds of sexual orientation and marital status, that they infringed on du Toit's right to dignity, and that they violated the principle that the best interests of the child are paramount in situations involving children. The government did not oppose their application, and on 28 September 2001 the High Court ruled in their favour and ordered words to be "read in" to the acts to give "permanent same-sex life partners" the same rights as married spouses.South Africa's constitution requires that any court order invalidating an Act of Parliament be confirmed by the Constitutional Court. That court heard argument on 9 May 2002, including a report by a curator ad litem representing the interests of the children, and a submission by the Lesbian and Gay Equality Project as amicus curiae relating to the welfare of children of same-sex partners in the event of a breakup. The court handed down its ruling on 10 September, unanimously agreeing with the High Court's judgment and confirming its order.The Child Care Act and Guardianship Act were subsequently repealed and replaced by the Children's Act, which was enacted in June 2006 although the adoption-related provisions only came into force in April 2010. It allows for adoption by married couples and by "partners in a permanent domestic life-partnership" regardless of gender. In the interim, same-sex marriage became legal in November 2006, and is legally equivalent to opposite-sex marriage for all purposes, including adoption.
William Marshall Rogers III (January 22, 1950 – March 24, 2007), known professionally as Marshall Rogers, was an American comics artist best known for his work at Marvel and DC Comics in the 1970s.
Thomas Philip Pollock (April 10, 1943 – August 1, 2020) was an American film producer and studio executive. He started his career as an entertainment lawyer, before transitioning to a studio executive and film producer. He was the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the American Film Institute, an Adjunct Professor of Film at the University of California, Santa Barbara, a trustee of the Los Angeles Music Center and a member of the California Bar Association. He was also co-owner of The Montecito Picture Company.
Ben Lippen School is private K-12 Christian school in Columbia, South Carolina.
Pace I-90 Express Bus Service is an on highway express bus service between Rosemont Transportation Center and Elgin operated by Pace. The buses operate on the Jane Addams Memorial Tollway and use "flex lanes" to avoid traffic, similar to a bus on shoulder service.
Vila Nova de Gaia (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɨ ˈɣajɐ] (listen); Proto-Celtic: *Cale), or simply Gaia, is a city and a municipality in Porto District in Norte Region, Portugal. It is located south of the city of Porto on the other side of the Douro River.  The city proper had a population of 178,255 in 2001. The municipality has an area of 168.46 km². and a total population of 302,295 inhabitants (2011), making it the most populous municipality in Norte Region. Gaia along with Porto and 12 other municipalities make up the commonly designated Porto Metropolitan Area.
The city contains many cellars (locally known as "caves") where port wine is stored and aged. These cellars have become a major tourist attraction.
Eupithecia dubiosa is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found on Cyprus and in the Levant.The wingspan is about 17–19 mm.
The National Insurance Act 1946 (c 67) was a British Act of Parliament passed during the Attlee ministry which established a comprehensive system of social security throughout the United Kingdom.
The act meant that all who were of working age were to pay a weekly contribution. If they had been paying National Insurance, mothers were to be entitled to an allowance (of 18 weeks) for each child as well as a lump sum when the child was born.  The act however excluded married women. The weekly contributions meant that benefits including sickness benefit and unemployment benefits were able to be offered. Pensions were to offered to men and women at ages 60 and 65 respectively.
Sajjad Doraji (Persian: ستار دراجی) is an Iranian Football Forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Naft Masjed Soleyman in the Iran Pro League.
Suryavamsam (transl. Lineage of the Sun god) is a 2020 Indian Tamil-language soap opera on Zee Tamil starring Poornima Bhagyaraj, Nikitha Rajesh and Aashish Chakravarthi in the lead roles. It premiered on 21 September 2020 and aired Monday  to Saturday.It ended on 21 August 2021. It is an official remake of Zee Telugu series America Ammayi.
Kodakarajima (小宝島), literally "small treasure island", is one of the Tokara Islands, belonging to Kagoshima Prefecture. The island, 1.0 km² in area, is the smallest inhabited island in the archipelago, and has a population of 49 people. The island can only be reached by boat as it has no airport; there is regular ferry service to the city of Kagoshima on the mainland. Travel time is about 13 hours. The islanders are dependent mainly on fishing and seasonal tourism.
Nata (Natela) Menabde (born 27 May 1960) is a Georgian executive director of the World Health Organization since May 2015 She is credited with having led the policy work that resulted in UN General Assembly resolutions on antimicrobial resistance, tuberculosis and global health and foreign policy.Menabde laid the cornerstone for the work that culminated into the path breaking European Tallinn Charter on Health Systems, Health and Wealth in 2008. She has also been leading the WHO India office, during which time India became polio-free in 2014.Menabde has been a strong supporter of raising taxes on tobacco as a means to keep tobacco-related disease down by lowering consumption all the while raising funds for state coffers, especially when it comes to non-smokable tobacco.Menabde obtained an M.Sc. in Pharmacy from the Tbilisi State Medical Institute, Georgia, in 1983, as well as a Ph.D. in Pharmacology from the USSR Academy of Medical Sciences, Moscow, in 1986. She also holds several certificates in Health Management, Leadership, and Health Economics from the United States, the United Kingdom, India and Sweden.
Abdesselem Regragui (born 1939) is a Moroccan gymnast. He competed in eight events at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Kurray Pritam was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Ambikapur Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.
Peter Donebauer (born 1947) is an English video artist known for designing and building the Videokalos video synthesizer.
Ptisana purpurascens is a large fern belonging to the botanical family Marattiaceae. It has a globular rhizome with stipule-like fleshy outgrowths. The leaves are dark green, twice pinnate and up to 1 metre long. Every pinnule has up to six pairs of leaflets. The petioles are dark-purplish, hence the name 'purpurascens' meaning 'becoming purple'. The sporangia are fused in all Ptisana into a bivalvate synangium.
Conservation plans have been proposed for Ptisana purpurascens, an endemic of the distant Ascension Island in the South Atlantic, where a single population remains on Green Mountain. While the mature plants are still present in large numbers, long-term threats to its survival exist in the form of competition with alien invasive species like introduced plants such as Buddleja madagascariensis and grazing by sheep and rabbits. Successful reproduction is very rare, making the species highly endangered.
Pietro Palazzini (19 May 1912 – 11 October 2000) was an Italian Cardinal, who helped to save the lives of Jewish people in World War II. He was consecrated bishop by the pope in 1962 and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1973. He has been commemorated by Yad Vashem.
The Kamov Ka-18 (NATO reporting name Hog) was a Soviet four-seat utility helicopter that first flew in 1955. It was a development of the Kamov Ka-15, with a lengthened fuselage and a more powerful engine - the 190 kW (255 hp) Ivchenko AI-14V radial. Total production from Kamov was about 120.
Madison Township is one of fourteen townships in Carroll County, Indiana. As of the 2010 census, its population was 433 and it contained 176 housing units.
Nela Park is the headquarters of GE Lighting, a Savant company and is located in East Cleveland, Ohio, United States. Nela Park is the first industrial park in the world being home to most of the lighting breakthroughs of the last century.
The institute was first organized by entrepreneurs Franklin Terry and Burton Tremaine of the National Electric Lamp Company. Development of the site was started in 1911, when the National Electric Lamp Association (NELA), formed by John Robert Crouse, Sr, J.B. Crouse, and H.A. Tremaine in 1901, was dissolved and absorbed into General Electric. It was the first industrial park in the world, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The campus emulates a university setting, and the dominant architectural style is Georgian Revival. The 92-acre (370,000 m2) campus is home to GE's Lighting & Electrical Institute, which was founded in 1933.  Each December, Nela Park features a world-famous Christmas lighting display, which culminates in a miniature version of the National Christmas Tree in Washington, D.C., designed by GE Lighting.
Colorines is a symphonic poem for chamber orchestra by the Mexican composer Silvestre Revueltas, written in 1932.
Marino Fontana (14 March 1936 – 11 June 2013) was an Italian road cyclist. Professional from 1960 to 1966, he notably won the 1961 Giro di Toscana and finished third in the 1960 Giro di Lombardia. He also rode in seven ditions of the Giro d'Italia, with his best finish being 21st in 1963. After retiring, he worked as a directeur sportif for several teams.
Abu al-Wafa' al-Mubashshir ibn Fatik (Arabic: ابو الوفاء المبشّر بن فاتك Abū al-Wafā’ Al-Mubaššir ibn Fātik) was an Arab philosopher and scholar well versed in the mathematical sciences and also wrote  on logic and medicine. He was born in Damascus but lived mainly in Egypt during the 11th century Fatimid Caliphate. He also wrote an historical chronicle of the reign of al-Mustansir Billah. However, the book he is famed for and the only one extant, Kitāb mukhtār al-ḥikam wa-maḥāsin al-kalim (مختار الحكم ومحاسن الكلم), the "Selected Maxims and Aphorisms", is a collection of sayings attributed to the ancient sages (mainly Greeks) translated into Arabic.  The date of composition given by the author is 1048–1049.
Tippethill House Hospital is a community hospital in Armadale, West Lothian, Scotland. It is operated by NHS Lothian.
Bipasha Hayat (born 23 March 1971) is a Bangladeshi actress, model, painter and playback singer. She won Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Actress for her performance in the film Aguner Poroshmoni (1994). She earned Meril Prothom Alo Awards in 1998, 1999 and 2002.
The Gando massacre was a mass murder committed by the Japanese military against the Korean residents of Gando (present-day Jiandao, Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture, Jilin, China), after the Hunchun incident.The massacre occurred over a period of three weeks starting in October 1920, the day of the Hunchun Incident after the Battle of Qingshanli. During this period, soldiers of the Imperial Japanese Army murdered Korean civilians who numbered an estimated at least 5,000, and perpetrated widespread rape.
The Bill Beaumont County Championship Division 2 (formerly known as County Championship Plate) is an annual rugby union competition in England between teams representing English counties. It was formed in 2002 as the County Championship Shield (a competition which is now played by tier 3 sides) - changing to Plate by 2010 and then to Bill Beaumont Division 2 by 2017.  Division 2 is contested for by second tier teams in the RFU County Championship. Each county draws its players from rugby union clubs from the third tier and below of the English rugby union league system (typically National League 1, National League 2 North or National League 2 South).
Division 2 is split into two regional groups (north) and (south) with each team playing one or two home games and the top teams in each group meeting in the final to be held at Twickenham Stadium along with other county divisional finals.  Since 2017 promotion and relegation occurs over two years as opposed to one, using a system of accumulative points from pool games to determine who goes up or down.  Currently the top two sides in Division 2 over the two years (one from each regional group) go up to tier 1 while the bottom two sides (again one from each regional group) are relegated to tier 3.
The Military Health System (MHS) is a form of nationalized health care operated within the United States Department of Defense that provides health care to active duty, Reserve component and retired U.S. Military personnel and their dependents.The missions of the MHS are complex and interrelated:
To ensure America’s 1.4 million active duty and 331,000 reserve-component personnel are healthy so they can complete their national security missions.
To ensure that all active and reserve medical personnel in uniform are trained and ready to provide medical care in support of operational forces around the world.
To provide a medical benefit commensurate with the service and sacrifice of more than 9.5 million active duty personnel, military retirees and their families.The MHS also provides health care, through the TRICARE health plan, to:
others identified as eligible in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System.Such care has been made available since 1966, (with certain limitations and co-payments), through the Civilian Health and Medical Program of the Uniformed Services (CHAMPUS) and now through the TRICARE health plan. In October 2001, TRICARE benefits were extended to retirees and their dependents aged 65 and over. On Oct. 1, 2013, the Defense Health Agency replaced the TRICARE Management Activity.
The MHS has a $50+ billion budget and serves approximately 9.5 million beneficiaries. The actual cost of having a government-run health care system for the military is higher because the wages and benefits paid for military personnel who work for the MHS and the retirees who formerly worked for it, is not included in the budget. The MHS employs more than 144,217 in 51 hospitals, 424 clinics, 248 dental clinics and 251 veterinary facilities across the nation and around the world, as well as in contingency and combat-theater operations worldwide.
Dzisna (Belarusian: Дзісна, Russian: Дисна, Lithuanian: Dysna, Polish: Dzisna), is a town in the Vitebsk Region of Belarus. It is located on the left bank of the Daugava River, near the confluence of Dysna.
It has 1,500 inhabitants (2017 estimate) which has declined as in the 20th century it had close to 10,000 inhabitants. Dzisna is the smallest town of Belarus.
David Hill (born 1942) is a New Zealand author, especially well known for his young adult fiction. His young fiction books See Ya, Simon (1992) and Right Where It Hurts (2001) have been shortlisted for numerous awards. He is also a prolific journalist, writing many articles for The New Zealand Herald.
Jørgen Ringnis, also known as "Jørgen Billedsnider", (birth unknown, died 1652 in Nakskov) was a Danish woodcarver. He created a number of altarpieces and pulpits in Danish churches, especially on the islands of Lolland and Falster.
Laura Quilter (born 1968) is a writer, lawyer, librarian, professor, and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media, and her long-standing archive of information on feminist science fiction.
She received her law degree from the University of California, Berkeley in 2003.  From 2006 to 2008, she was a writer on Sivacracy.net, a law blog run by Siva Vaidhyanathan. She has worked at the Exploratorium, the Brennan Center Free Expression Policy Project at NYU, and the Samuelson Law, Technology and Public Policy Clinic at UC Berkeley, is a contributor to Chilling Effects, and created the Fair Use Network.Her web site Feminist SF, Fantasy, and Utopia has been active since 1994. Over the years, the site expanded to become a community of feminist science fiction writers, fans, and critics, with a book discussion list, forums, blog carnival,  group blog, and wiki, maintained by Quilter, Liz Henry, Janice Dawley, and other participants. She is also a co-founder of the feministSF wiki.
Mehdi Shabzendedar Jahromi (Persian: مهدی شب‌زنده‌دار جهرمی) is an Iranian Shia jurist and member of the Guardian Council."
Donald S. Voorhees (July 30, 1916 – July 7, 1989) was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington.
Under the Influence is the second mixtape by Odd Future member Domo Genesis. The mixtape was made available for free download on September 20, 2011 at 4:20 pm P.S.T.. The mixtape features Domo Genesis rapping over some of his favorite beats, with several original songs also included. Casey Veggies, Remy Banks and fellow Odd Future member Tyler, The Creator have features on the mixtape.
HMS Colombo was a C-class light cruiser built for the Royal Navy during World War I.  She was part of the Carlisle sub-class of the C class. She survived both world wars to be scrapped in 1948.
First Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building at 215 W. Cherokee Street in Brookhaven, Mississippi.
It was built in 1916 and added to the National Register in 1997.
The Coupe de France was a French rugby union competition which was founded early in the 20th century but was abandoned during World War II, and then restarted in 1943. All clubs were invited to participate, about 100 of them took part, with the first division teams joining in during the last rounds.
The 1951 final was so violent that the Rugby Football Union asked for it to be discontinued, otherwise France could have been expelled from the Five Nations Tournament which they had just rejoined in 1939. And this was exactly what the chairman of the French Federation did. It was replaced the next year by the Challenge Yves du Manoir which had been ended by the war.
The competition was reborn in the mid-1980s under the impulse of the then president of the French Federation, Albert Ferrasse, in parallel with both the championship and the Challenge Yves du Manoir. But low gates, an already crammed schedule doomed it after three seasons.
A final effort to resurrect it was made in 1996, when it was merged with the Challenge Yves du Manoir, which was called Trophée Du-Manoir Coupe de France. It lasted until 2003 under three different names. As a result, the final seven competitions are counted both in the Coupe de France and Challenge Du Manoir records.
Anna Sofie Herland (10 March 1913 - 7 February 1990) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Sogn og Fjordane during the terms 1958–1961 and 1961–1965.
Ostrowite [ɔstrɔˈvitɛ] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Dobiegniew, 37 km (23 mi) north-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie, and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
Benjamin Lucas was an English soldier of the seventeenth century who served and settled in Ireland.
Lucas served as a colonel during the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland and was present at the Siege of Drogheda. He was granted lands around Corofin in County Clare as part of the Cromwellian Settlement of 1652. He was the great-grandfather of the Irish radical Charles Lucas who served as MP for Dublin City.
Chorizema varium is a species of the legume family Fabaceae. It is listed in the threatened flora of Australia.
Arthur Leslie Benjamin (18 September 1893, in Sydney – 10 April 1960, in London) was an Australian composer, pianist, conductor and teacher. He is best known as the composer of Jamaican Rumba (1938) and of the Storm Clouds Cantata, featured in both versions of the Alfred Hitchcock film The Man who Knew Too Much, in 1934 and 1956.
Mummidivaram Assembly constituency is a constituency in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, representing the state legislative assembly in India. It is one of the seven assembly segments of Amalapuram Lok Sabha constituency, along with Ramachandrapuram, Amalapuram (SC), Razole, Gannavaram, Kothapeta, and Mandapeta. Ponnada Venkata Satish Kumar is the present MLA of the constituency, who won the 2019 Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly election from YSR Congress Party. As of 25 March 2019, there a total of 229,431 electors in the constituency.
Minister of Health & another v New Clicks SA (Pty) Ltd & others: in re Application for Declaratory Relief is an important case in South African law, with significance especially in the areas of civil procedure and constitutional law.
Lee Spurr (born 27 July 1987) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He an experienced utility player who played in two premierships for Central District in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).Originally from Morningside in Queensland, he was drafted to Fremantle with the eighth selection in the 2012 Rookie Draft after playing 66 games over five seasons in South Australia.After playing well in games for Peel Thunder in the West Australian Football League (WAFL), Spurr was elevated to the senior playing list prior to round 5 after Josh Mellington was placed on the long-term injury list. He then made his debut in round 6 of the 2012 AFL season against Gold Coast at Metricon Stadium as the substitute.  He was activated during the third quarter, replacing Stephen Hill who had injured his leg in the first half. Spurr retired from AFL football at the end of the 2018 season.
Rhinolithodes wosnessenskii, also called the rhinoceros crab or golf-ball crab, is a species of king crab, the only species in the genus Rhinolithodes. The species is named after Ilya Gavrilovich Voznesenski. It is found at depths of 6–73 metres (20–240 ft) in the north-east Pacific Ocean from Kodiak, Alaska to Crescent City, California.R. wosnessenskii grows to 7 centimetres (2.8 in) across the carapace, which is triangular and has a deep semicircular depression. The legs are covered in spines and long setae. It lives in crevices on rocky or gravel bottoms, and is only rarely encountered.
Brzeziny [bʐɛˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Praszka, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Praszka, 17 km (11 mi) north of Olesno, and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
Who We Are is the debut studio album by American pop music singer Hope Partlow. It was released on September 6, 2005. Shortly, after this album was released Virgin Records dropped Partlow's contract. This album has remained her last album as of 2018, but she is currently recording a country album independently.
Federal Route 108, or Jalan Tasik Lubuk Helang, is a major federal road in Langkawi Island, Kedah, Malaysia.
Thomas Joseph Scully (September 19, 1868 – December 14, 1921) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey's 3rd congressional district for five terms from 1911 to 1921.
The Catholic Normal School and Pio Nono College, also known as Holy Family Normal School, was a paired institution (sharing the same faculty) in St. Francis, Wisconsin, which also included a high school component, founded in 1870 by Dr. Joseph Salzmann as the first Catholic normal school in the United States. The Normal School specialized in training young men in music education for Catholic boys' schools, while Pio Nono was a business school.
The Hun Sen Cup is the main football knockout tournament in Cambodia. The 2009 Hun Sen Cup was the 3rd season of the Hun Sen Cup, the premier knockout tournament for association football clubs in Cambodia involving Cambodian League and provincial teams organized by the Football Federation of Cambodia.
Phnom Penh Crown were the defending champions, having beaten Preah Khan Reach 1–0 in the previous season's final.
Kavaközü, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
Dipped candles made from tallow were made by the Romans beginning about 500 BCE. Evidence for candles made from whale fat in China dates back to the Qin Dynasty (221–206 BCE). In India, wax from boiling cinnamon was used for temple candles.Candles were primarily made from tallow and beeswax in ancient times, but have been made from spermaceti (from sperm whales), purified animal fats (stearin), and paraffin wax in recent centuries.
Criminal procedure in South Africa refers to the adjudication process of that country's criminal law. It forms part of procedural or adjectival law, and describes the means by which its substantive counterpart, South African criminal law, is applied. It has its basis mainly in English law.
Carmen Joan Duncan (7 July 1942 – 3 February 2019) was an Australian actress and activist, with a career that spanned over 50 years. She was nominated for the AFI Award for Best Actress for the 1980 film Harlequin, and was also known for the film Don't Let It Get You. Her other film appearances include Touch and Go (1980) and Turkey Shoot (1982). She played Iris Wheeler in the American soap opera Another World from 1988 to 1994.
The Oregon Trail was a 2,170-mile (3,490 km) east–west, large-wheeled wagon route and emigrant trail in the United States that connected the Missouri River to valleys in Oregon. The eastern part of the Oregon Trail spanned part of what is now the state of Kansas and nearly all of what are now the states of Nebraska and Wyoming. The western half of the trail spanned most of the current states of Idaho and Oregon.
The Oregon Trail was laid by fur traders and trappers from about 1811 to 1840, and was only passable on foot or by horseback. By 1836, when the first migrant wagon train was organized in Independence, Missouri, a wagon trail had been cleared to Fort Hall, Idaho. Wagon trails were cleared increasingly farther west, and eventually reached all the way to the Willamette Valley in Oregon, at which point what came to be called the Oregon Trail was complete, even as almost annual improvements were made in the form of bridges, cutoffs, ferries, and roads, which made the trip faster and safer. From various starting points in Iowa, Missouri, or Nebraska Territory, the routes converged along the lower Platte River Valley near Fort Kearny, Nebraska Territory, and led to rich farmlands west of the Rocky Mountains.
From the early to mid-1830s (and particularly through the years 1846–1869) the Oregon Trail and its many offshoots were used by about 400,000 settlers, farmers, miners, ranchers, and business owners and their families. The eastern half of the trail was also used by travelers on the California Trail (from 1843), Mormon Trail (from 1847), and Bozeman Trail (from 1863), before turning off to their separate destinations. Use of the trail declined as the First Transcontinental Railroad was completed in 1869, making the trip west substantially faster, cheaper, and safer. Today, modern highways, such as Interstate 80 and Interstate 84, follow parts of the same course westward and pass through towns originally established to serve those using the Oregon Trail.
Fraoch-eilean is a small  island with an uncertain population north of Benbecula in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland. It is about 55 hectares (140 acres) in extent and the highest point is 11 metres (36 ft). Its name derives from the Gaelic for "heather island".
It is connected to Grimsay by a causeway and there is a settlement called Seana Bhaile (Scottish Gaelic: old village). North Uist is to the north and the North Ford causeway to the west. The small islets of Eilean Roinoch and Màs Grimsay lie just offshore to the east. 19th and early 20th century Ordnance Survey maps show the island name as Seanabaily.
The Bukhungu Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Kakamega, Kenya.  It used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Western Stima of the Kenyan Premier League.  The stadium holds 5,000 spectators.
The stadium has been undergoing  renovation and expansion with phase one of the main stand complete. Phase 2 involving the rest of the terraces and running track already commenced. The stadium's name came from Idaho name "okhungwa" meaning being chased away. The ground was used by European in 19th century for relaxing and enjoying western breeze from kakamega forest just located east of stadium, so police used to chase Africans away of field to not interfere with white people, so luhyas called the field " shikuri shukhukhungwa" "ebukhungu" meaning the field of being chased away.
Francis Xavier Bushman (January 10, 1883 – August 23, 1966) was an American film actor and director.  His career as a matinee idol started in 1911 in the silent film His Friend's Wife. He gained a large female following and was one of the biggest stars of the 1910s and early 1920s.
Bushman, like many of his contemporaries, broke into the moving picture business via the stage. He was performing at Broncho Billy Anderson's Essanay Studios in Chicago, Illinois, where he was first noticed for his muscular, sculpted frame. He appeared in nearly 200 feature film roles—more than 175 films before 1920, and 17 in his screen debut year of 1911 alone. He also worked for the Vitagraph studio before signing with Metro in 1915.
Manoa Rasigatale is a Fijian politician and television personality. He is a  former member of the Senate of Fiji and represented Rewa.
T.R.I.P. (pronounced "trip") is the fourth full-length album from The Lights Out. It was pre-released on November 12, 2016, on specially-formulated cans of craft beer brewed by Aeronaut Brewing Co., with its released digitally on February 1, 2017.
The album is a collection of stories about traveling through alternate dimensions, with every song presented as a report back from another reality The Lights Out has visited. The beer can, meanwhile, contains a set of instructions for drinkers to take over the phenomenon of the social media, a phenomenon that triggered a response from the band, telling the drinker what an alternate reflection of themselves is doing right now in a parallel world; the instructions are accompanied by a link to the album's digital site.The beer is an Imperial Session IPA crafted to pair with the music.T.R.I.P. is an acronym for The Reckonings In Pandimensionality. It is the first studio album ever released on a can of beer. With T.R.I.P, the band is reportedly aiming to reintroduce the physical discovery of music that they feel has been lost in the digital age and create a full sensory experience for the listener.
Gyzylaýak (or Gyzyl Ayak) is a village in the Halaç District of the Lebap Province of Turkmenistan. It is about 2 km south of Zynhary.
The "ghost in the machine" is British philosopher Gilbert Ryle's description of René Descartes' mind-body dualism. Ryle introduced the phrase in The Concept of Mind (1949) to highlight the view of Descartes and others that mental and physical activity occur simultaneously but separately.
Smithfield Hog Production Division, formerly Premium Standard Farms, Inc. (PSF), is a subsidiary of Smithfield Foods, Inc. PSF was founded in 1988 with the aim of creating a standardized method to produce premium pork. To accomplish this goal, the company decided to pursue full vertical integration—a first for pork producers in the United States. Premium Standard Farms was the second-largest pork producer and the sixth-largest processor in the United States until Smithfield Foods acquired it in 2007.
The Sea to Sea Green Blue Belt is a 62 kilometre (39 mi) long greenbelt surrounding the Greater Victoria metropolitan area in Canada. The greenbelt includes green space, forests, farms, and wetlands stretching from Sooke to Salt Spring Island. It also includes the "blue spaces" of Sooke Basin and Saanich Inlet.
Çok Güzel Hareketler Bunlar (literally "These Are Very Beautiful Movements" but would be translated "Nice Moves" in the American vernacular) is theatrical comedy, which awarded at 36th Golden Butterfly Best Comedy Award. It was premiered on 14 February 2006 on BKM Theatre and continued until the end of 2012. First episode released on 7 May 2008 in Kanal D and continued to release until 26 June 2011. 2012 New Year Special Episode released on Star TV.In Yilmaz Erdogan's management, BKM Mutfak actors takes the stage and wrote sketch. They give an active role to the audience, they let audience to rate the sketch.
In 2010,  "Çok Filim Hareketler Bunlar" the movie titled , which was written and played by BKM actors. Also, BKM actors played numerous commercials for Vodafone, Nescafé, Teknosa, Sony, Lipton.BKM made different concept theatrical comedies with different actor team in Arkadaşım Hoşgeldin, Bir Demet Tiyatro, Güldür Güldür Show and Güldür Güldür Show Çocuk. Yilmaz Erdogan's brother Deniz Erdogan wrote lyrics for a very familiar American folk song "Camptown Races" and that production became the generic music of the program.In 2019, a sequel premiered under the title Çok Güzel Hareketler 2.
A number of vessels of the People’s Liberation Army Navy have borne the name Nanchang, after the capital Nanchang.
Chinese destroyer Nanchang (163), in service 1982–2016. Now a Museum ship in Nanchang.
Chinese destroyer Nanchang (101), a Type 055 destroyer, in service since 2020.
Subramaniam Vishwanathan Iyer, (S. "Vijay" Iyer, born 25 December 1957), is currently the Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency, the former Managing Director of Rio Tinto India, and had previously served as Director of Energy and Sustainable Development at the World Bank Group.Iyer holds an MS in Chemistry from Jabalpur University and a Masters in Management from the Yale School of Management.
Achmad Jufriyanto Tohir (born 7 February 1987 in Tangerang, Banten) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Liga 1 club Persib Bandung.
Brogniartfjella is a mountain ridge in Nathorst Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. The ridge is located at the north side of Van Keulenfjorden. It has a length of about eight kilometers, and its highest peak is 904 m.a.s.l. The ridge is named after French paleontologist Adolphe-Théodore Brongniart. First known ascent dates from 1920. The valley of Wittrockdalen separates Brogniartfjella from Wittrockfjellet.
Shipton railway station serves the villages of Shipton-under-Wychwood and Milton-under-Wychwood in Oxfordshire, England. The station and all trains serving it are operated by Great Western Railway.
Dangchu is a town in Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan.
Hubbard Rively Yetman (August 28, 1847 – October 18, 1924) was an American educator, real estate and insurance agent, and politician from New York.
Lecanora is a genus of lichen commonly called rim lichens.: 279  Lichens in the genus Squamarina are also called rim lichens. Members of the genus have roughly circular fruiting discs (apothecia) with rims that have photosynthetic tissue similar to that of the nonfruiting part of the lichen body (thallus). Other lichens with apothecia having margins made of thallus-like tissue are called lecanorine.Lecanora has a crustose thallus, trebouxoid photobiont, colourless ascospores and crystals in the amphitecium.: 680 It is in the  family Lecanoraceae in the suborder Lecanorineae.
Capricorn Climber is an album by Canadian jazz pianist Kris Davis, which was recorded in 2012 and released on the Portuguese Clean Feed label.
Al Young (born August 24, 1949) is a former gridiron football wide receiver who played in the National Football League (NFL) and the World Football League (WFL). He played college football at South Carolina State 
n 1972, Young caught six passes for 86 yards and played in all 14 regular season games.[3] Young was Pittsburgh's leading receiver with four catches for 54 yards and one touchdown in the 1972 AFC Championship Game.[4]
Andrea Prodan (born 16 November 1961) is a Scottish-Italian film actor, composer and musician. He is the younger brother of rock star Luca Prodan, notorious for his musical career in Argentina, leading the rock band Sumo.
Soorarai Pottru (transl. Hail the brave) is a 2020 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by Sudha Kongara and produced by Suriya and Guneet Monga, under their respective banners 2D Entertainment and Sikhya Entertainment. Kongara conceptualised the script and screenplay along with Shalini Ushadevi, Aalif Surti and Ganeshaa, with dialogues written by Vijay Kumar. Suriya also starred in the film in leading roles with Paresh Rawal and Aparna Balamurali, while Urvashi, Mohan Babu, and Karunas amongst others in supporting roles. The film features music composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar, while cinematography and editing were handled by Niketh Bommireddy and Sathish Suriya respectively. Partially inspired by events from the life of Simplifly Deccan founder G. R. Gopinath, Soorarai Pottru revolves around Nedumaaran Rajangam (Suriya), who dreams to build a low-cost airline and the challenges he faces, in order to be successful in his quest.
The film which was originally scheduled for theatrical release was delayed multiple times due to post-production difficulties, which was followed by the COVID-19 pandemic in India. Soorarai Pottru was later released direct-to-streaming worldwide through the platform Amazon Prime Video on 12 November 2020. The film opened to positive critical response from critics and audiences. Critics praised Suriya's performance and Kongara's direction, scripting and screenplay, along with the performances of the cast and major technical aspects of the film, including cinematography, editing, music. The film is currently the third highest rated film on IMDb (a rating of 9.1), only behind The Shawshank Redemption (1994) and The Godfather (1972).Soorarai Pottru was selected as one among ten Indian films to be screened under the Best Foreign Film category at the 78th Golden Globe Awards. The film made an official entry to the 93rd Academy Awards, for Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Director, Best Original Score and other categories, and was also made available to the members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts And Sciences for votes and nomination at the Academy Screening Room. The film also emerged as the only Indian film amongst 366 films eligible for Best Picture in the award ceremony, but was eventually not nominated. Soorarai Pottru was screened at the Chennai International Film Festival and also at the Panorama Section of the Shanghai International Film Festival. The film was screened and won two awards at the Indian Film Festival of Melbourne – including Best Film and Best Actor (Surya). It was nominated at 14 categories at the 10th South Indian International Movie Awards, held for South Indian films released during 2020 and won seven awards.
The Sorrow of War (Vietnamese: Nỗi buồn chiến tranh) is a 1990 novel by the Vietnamese writer Bảo Ninh. The novel was Ninh's graduation project at the Nguyen Du Writing School in Hanoi. It tells the story of a soldier who is collecting dead bodies after the war and then begins to think about his past. The novel won the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize. The novel was banned until 2006 by the Communist Party of Vietnam.
Jose Ricardo L. Manapat (May 24, 1953 – December 24, 2008) was an activist, scholar, writer, researcher, and educator who was the Director of the Records Management and Archives Office of the Philippines (The National Archives) from 1996 to 1998 and 2002 to 2008. He is best known as the author of the book, "Some Are Smarter Than Others: The History of Marcos' Crony Capitalism", a work on anti-cronyism exposing the wealth of the Marcos dynasty, and as Editor-in-Chief of the "Smart File", Smart File Magazine Animal Farm Series.
Ayumu Hirano (平野 歩夢, Hirano Ayumu, born 29 November 1998) is a Japanese competitive snowboarder. He won the silver medal in the superpipe in 2013 Winter X Games XVII at the age of 14, becoming the youngest medalist in X Games history, and won silver medals in the halfpipe at both the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi and the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.He also participated in skateboarding at the 2020 Olympic Games.
Marsha Ellen Brantley (née Rader; born February 28, 1959) was an American woman who disappeared around May to June 2009. She is widely believed to have been murdered by her then-husband Donnie Brantley, but no direct evidence has ever been found to prove this. Multiple investigations have failed to determine a cause of disappearance. The case was featured in an April 2018 episode of the CBS documentary show 48 Hours.
Mazraeh-ye Bideh (Persian: مزرعه بيده, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Bīdeh; also known as Bīdeh) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Meybod County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,366, in 352 families.
Werneria bambutensis is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae. It is endemic to western Cameroon where it occurs at high altitudes between Mount Manengouba and Mount Oku, including the eponymous Bamboutos Mountains. It is also known as the Bamboutos smalltongue toad and Bambouto torrent toad.
Collita vetusta is a moth of the  family Erebidae. It is found in Japan (Hokkaido, Honshu, Shikoku, Kyushu, Yakushima), the Russian Far East, northern China and Korea.The wingspan is 33–38 mm. The ground colour of the wings is whitish testaceous or sometimes brown. The hindwings are paler than the forewings.
Waiuta is the location of a historic mining town on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand. It is now abandoned and considered a ghost town. Located 58 km north of Greymouth and 21 km south of Reefton in Ikamatua, New Zealand, it was the site of a gold mine until 1951 when the collapse of the mine made it uneconomic. A number of buildings remain and there are still residents in what remains of the town. Nowadays Waiuta has become a tourist attraction, with few of the original buildings still intact that include the former police station, three cottages and the old barber shop.
Signs and symptoms of Graves' disease generally result from the direct and indirect effects of hyperthyroidism, with exceptions being Graves' ophthalmopathy, goitre and pretibial myxedema (which are caused by the autoimmune processes of Graves' disease). These clinical manifestations can involve virtually every system in the body. The mechanisms that mediate these effects are not well understood. The severity of the signs and symptoms of hyperthyroidism is related to the duration of the disease, the magnitude of the thyroid hormone excess, and the patient's age. Although the vast majority of patients enjoy significant improvement and remission after proper medical care, health care providers should be aware of variability in the individual response to hyperthyroidism and individual sensitivity to thyroid hormone fluctuations generally. On top of that, Graves' disease patients can undergo periods of hypothyroidism (for further information, see symptoms of hypothyroidism): finding the right dosage of thyroid hormone suppression and/or supplementation can take some time. The body's need for thyroid hormone can also change over time, like in the first months after radioactive iodine treatment (RAI). Thyroid autoimmune diseases can also be volatile: hyperthyroidism can interchange with hypothyroidism and euthyroidism.
The Magyar Kupa Final was the final match of the 2014–15 Magyar Kupa, played between Videoton and Ferencváros.
Ilam Cement Plant (Persian: كارخانه سيمان ايلام – Kārkhāneh-ye Sīmān Īlām) is a village and company town in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8, in 4 families. The village is populated by Kurds.
The Hagerstown Suns Minor League Baseball team was established in Hagerstown, Maryland, in 1981.  The Suns remained in the Carolina League through 1988. In 1989, team ownership purchased the Williamsport Bills franchise of the Double-A Eastern League (EL) and relocated the team to Hagerstown. The Double-A Suns carried on the history of the Class A team that preceded it. After just four seasons, the Eastern League franchise  left. The Myrtle Beach Hurricanes franchise of the Class A South Atlantic League (SAL) relocated to Hagerstown for the 1993 season where they became the Suns and continued the previous Suns teams' history.
The Suns' lone league championship was won in their inaugural 1981 season.
The Venerable Charles Alcock (1754–1803) was an English cleric. He was Archdeacon of Chichester from his installation on 15 May 1802 until his death.
He was the son of the Rev. John Alcock, rector of Bucknell, Oxfordshire, and was educated at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, where he matriculated in 1773. He was awarded the degree of B.C.L. at New College in 1782.Alcock died at Trotton (where he had been Rector from 1781 until 1782) on 10 September 1803: a prebendary of Chichester Cathedral,  he was Chaplain to the Bishop of Chichester  until his  appointment as Archdeacon.
Fuchsia simplicicaulis is a species of shrub in the family Onagraceae. It is endemic to Peru.It's Herbaria type is electrotype MA 11/92 11.
The III Royal Bavarian Army Corps / III Bavarian AK (German: III. Königlich Bayerisches Armee-Korps) was a corps level command of the Royal Bavarian Army, part of the German Army, before and during World War I.As the German and Bavarian Armies expanded in the latter part of the 19th century, the III Royal Bavarian Army Corps of the Bavarian Army was set up on 1 April 1900 in Nuremberg as the Generalkommando (headquarters) for Middle Franconia, the Upper Palatinate and parts of Upper Franconia, Lower Bavaria and Upper Bavaria.  Like all Bavarian formations, it was assigned to the IV Army Inspectorate which became the 6th Army at the start of the First World War.  The Corps was disbanded at the end of the War.
Ludwig is a surname of German origin. It is derived from the Old High German given name Ludwig, which means "famous warrior". As a surname, Ludwig may refer to:
Klaus Uwe Ludwig (1943–2019), German church musician, concert organist and composer
Club Cantera Base 1939 Canarias S.A.D., also known as Lenovo Tenerife for sponsorship reasons, is a professional basketball team that is based in San Cristóbal de La Laguna, Tenerife, Spain. Domestically, the team plays in the top level league in Spain, the Liga ACB and in European-wide competitions, the team plays in FIBA's Basketball Champions League (BCL). Their home arena is the Santiago Martín.
Arthur Lerner (born 1929) is an American artist, known for his atmospheric figurative paintings and drawings, landscapes, and still lifes. He is sometimes described as a realist, but most critics observe that his work is more subjective than descriptive or literal. Associated with Chicago's influential "Monster Roster" artists early in his career, he shared their enthusiasm for expressive figuration, fantasy and mythology, and their existential outlook, but diverged increasingly in his classical formal concerns and more detached temperament. Critics frequently note in Lerner's art a sense of light that evokes Impressionism, delicate color and modelling that "flirts with dematerialization," and the draftsmanship that serves as a foundation for all of his work. The Chicago Tribune's Alan Artner lamented Lerner's comparative lack of recognition in relation to the Chicago Imagists as the fate of "an aesthete in a town dominated by tenpenny fantasts." Lerner's work has been extensively covered in publications, featured in books such as Monster Roster: Existential Art in Postwar Chicago, and acquired by public and private collections, including those of the Smithsonian Institution, Art Institute of Chicago, Smart Museum of Art, and Mary and Leigh Block Museum of Art, among many.
The Nairobi Hospital is a private hospital located in upperhill area, Nairobi, Kenya.The hospital was founded in 1954 as a European hospital.
The 1958 Cincinnati Bearcats football team represented the University of Cincinnati in the Missouri Valley Conference during the 1958 NCAA University Division football season under head coach George Blackburn.
Henry Spencer Stephenson (4 November 1871 – 4 June 1957) was a British minister and a member of the Spencer family. He served as Chaplain to King George VI and Queen Elizabeth II, participating in the coronation procession of Queen Elizabeth.
Brian Collins (born October 19, 1950 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American country music artist. Between 1973 and 1974, he recorded two albums for Dot Records. In that same time span, he charted three Top 40 singles on the Billboard country charts. His highest-charting single was a #10 cover of Jack Greene's "Statue of a Fool."
Mary Catherine Silber is a professor in the Department of Statistics at the University of Chicago who works in bifurcation theory and pattern formation.
Bosun Ayeni (born 8 November 1978) is a retired Nigerian professional football midfielder.
On 2008-03-28 he was fired from SønderjyskE after headbutting teammate Kenneth Fabricius twice.
Myriam Flühmann (born 9 June 1986 in Zürich, Switzerland) is a Swiss figure skater. She is the 2004 Swiss national bronze medalist. She won the bronze medal at the 2003 Triglav Trophy.
Nikolaos Sophianos (Greek: Νικόλαος Σοφιανός; c. 1500 – after 1551) was a Greek Renaissance humanist and cartographer chiefly noted for his Totius Graeciae Descriptio map and his grammar of Greek. He was born into the local nobility of Corfu at the beginning of the 16th century and was educated at the Greek Quirinal College in Rome, co-founded by another Greek scholar, Janus Lascaris, who also became his teacher along with Arsenius Apostolius. Sophianos did not return to live in Greece; only briefly visiting in 1543. He spent the rest of his life in Rome where he became a librarian, and Venice where he worked as a copyist. His cartographical work was published in 1540.
Sheriff Stadium (also known as Glavnaya Arena of Complexul Sheriif) is home to Sheriff Tiraspol, a football team based in Tiraspol, capital of Transnistria breakaway region of Moldova. It is owned by the local Sheriff corporation. It has a capacity of 12,746 spectators.  The Moldova national football team played some of their international home matches at the stadium.
It occupies a territory of more than 40 hectares and consists of the main field plus five other fields, training fields, a covered indoor arena for winter use as well as a soccer school for children and on-site residences for the players of FC Sheriff. A five star luxury hotel is under construction.
The New Smyrna Museum of History is located at 120 Sams Avenue, New Smyrna Beach, Florida, in the New Smyrna Beach Historic District. It contains exhibits depicting the history of New Smyrna Beach. The building itself was constructed in 1923 as the local post office. It later housed the administrative office of New Smyrna Beach Utilities. The city gave the building to the Southeast Volusia Historical Society in 2002, and it opened as a museum the following year.
Sphaerodactylus pimienta, also known as the pepper sphaero, Cuban pepper sphaero, or Cuban pepper geckolet, is a species of gecko. It is endemic to Cuba. It is a relatively large Sphaerodactylus measuring 17–36 mm (0.7–1.4 in) in snout–vent length.
Kenta Nishimoto (西本 拳太, Nishimoto Kenta, born 30 August 1994) is a Japanese badminton player. In 2013, he reached the final of the Russia Open Grand Prix tournament, and became the runner-up after being defeated by Vladimir Ivanov of Russia.
During World War II, some members of the United States military mutilated dead Japanese service personnel in the Pacific theater. The mutilation of Japanese service personnel included the taking of body parts as "war souvenirs" and "war trophies". Teeth and skulls were the most commonly taken "trophies", although other body parts were also collected.
The phenomenon of "trophy-taking" was widespread enough that discussion of it featured prominently in magazines and newspapers. Franklin Roosevelt himself was reportedly given a gift of a letter-opener made of a Japanese soldier's arm by U.S. Representative Francis E. Walter in 1944, which Roosevelt later ordered to be returned, calling for its proper burial. The news was also widely reported to the Japanese public, where the Americans were portrayed as "deranged, primitive, racist and inhuman". This, compounded by a previous Life magazine picture of a young woman with a skull trophy, was reprinted in the Japanese media and presented as a symbol of American barbarism, causing national shock and outrage.The behavior was officially prohibited by the U.S. military, which issued additional guidance as early as 1942 condemning it specifically. Nonetheless, the behavior was hard to prosecute and it continued throughout the war in the Pacific theater, and has resulted in continued discoveries of "trophy skulls" of Japanese combatants in American possession, as well as American and Japanese efforts to repatriate the remains of the Japanese dead.
WildCat was a steel roller coaster located at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio. Designed by Werner Stengel and manufactured by Anton Schwarzkopf, the ride opened to the public in 1979. Cedar Point made the decision in 2012 to remove WildCat to allow for expansion of the Celebration Plaza, also citing that the coaster had reached the end of its service life. It was dismantled and scrapped.
The Horn River Formation (also Horn River Shale) is a stratigraphic unit of Devonian  (early Givetian to late Frasnian) age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.It is a thick sequence of marine sediments that was first described in outcrop on the banks of the Horn River, a tributary of the Mackenzie River, in the Northwest Territories (at the time District of Mackenzie) by Whittaker in 1922, and it takes its name from that river. In 1963 it was redefined in the subsurface of the Fort Nelson area of British Columbia (well Fort Nelson a-95-J/94-J-10) by F.F. Gray and J.R. Kassube. It is significant for its shale gas resources.
Kristopher James "Kris" McCarthy (born 15 October 1979 in Mildura) is a retired Australian middle-distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres. He represented his country at the 2000 Summer Olympics without reaching the semifinals. He won the bronze medal in the event at the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
He has personal bests of 1:45.57 minutes in the 800 metres (Melbourne 2000) and 3:47.7 minutes in the 1500 metres (Melbourne 2003).
In 2017 he decided to play AFL Masters and won the Carrum Cowboys Masters Best & Fairest Award in his maiden year beating the unlucky Reynolds brothers who finished 2nd and 3rd respectively.
María Rebeca (American Spanish: [maˈɾia reˈβeka], born María Rebeca Zepeda Lozano on March 9, 1970 in Mexico City, D.F., Mexico) is a Mexican actress.
Aerotech Consumer Aerospace, established in 1982, is a company that supplies motors, kits, and components for mid and high-power rocketry.
The company's headquarters are located in Cedar City, Utah and its products are sold mainly through US and international dealers.  They specialize in APCP used in low-, mid-, and high-power rocket motors as well as supplying rocket kits designed around their motors.
Aerotech produces single use and reloadable motors in the mid-power range (D - G impulse).  They also produce high power rocket motor reloads, ranging from H to O impulse.  High power reloads require proper certification from the National Association of Rocketry or Tripoli Rocketry Association.  Until 2017, all reloads required the use of Aerotech, Rouse-Tech, or Dr. Rocket reload casings.  A recent cross-use certification agreement permits the use of 98mm Aerotech reloads in CTI (Cesaroni Technology Incorporated) hardware.
Corpulent Stump is the most powerful non commercial rocket ever launched on an Aerotech motor in the United Kingdom.
Three Wise Men is a drink consisting of three types of whiskey with brand names that are each named after a man (ordinarily Johnnie Walker, Jack Daniel and Jim Beam). The three named men are the "wise men" in the name of the drink, which is an allusion to the Biblical Magi. Although informally called a cocktail, it does not meet the usual definition of the term "cocktail", as the drink includes only whiskeys with no other ingredients. Several variations exist that include other ingredients or substitute tequila or rum for some of the whiskey.
Edward Einhorn (born September 6, 1970) is an American playwright, theater director, and novelist, noted for the comic absurdism of his drama and the imaginative richness of his literary works.
A native of Westfield, New Jersey, Einhorn graduated from Westfield High School, where he was an editor of the student newspaper Hi's Eye. He attended Johns Hopkins University. In 1992 he started the Untitled Theater Company #61 in New York (co-founded with his older brother David Einhorn, who has produced plays for the company). With that company, Edward Einhorn has directed T. S. Eliot's Sweeney Agonistes, Eugène Ionesco's The Bald Soprano, Dennis Potter's Brimstone and Treacle, and Richard Foreman's My Head Was a Sledgehammer among other works. He has staged a festival of the complete plays of Eugène Ionesco, a festival of the complete plays of Václav Havel, a calypso musical adaptation of Kurt Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle, an adaptation of Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep, and a "NEUROfest" of plays on aspects of neurology. Off-Broadway, he directed Fairy Tales of the Absurd, a trilogy of one-act plays, two by Ionesco and one (One Head Too Many) by himself. Other adaptations include The Lathe of Heaven, by Ursula Le Guin and   City of Glass, by Paul AusterAs playwright, Einhorn has composed one-act and full-length plays, and is known for an absurd comic style.  Perhaps his best known play is The Marriage of Alice B. Toklas by Gertrude Stein, a farce set at a fantasy marriage between Stein and Toklas. The show received a Critic's Pick from Jesse Green, co-chief reviewer of The New York Times. Another recent work is Alma Baya, a dystopian absurdist science fiction play. Other work includes dramas on Jewish legends and a series of plays on neurological and neuroscientific topics — The Neurology of the Soul (on neuromarketing), The Boy Who Wanted to be a Robot (on Asperger syndrome), The Taste of Blue, (on synesthesia), Strangers (on Korsakoff syndrome), and Linguish (on aphasia). He has adapted Lysistrata and Iphigenia in Aulis for modern audiences.  He has also written a few plays on Czech subjects, such as Rudolf II (based on the 16th century Emperor who lived in Prague), and The Velvet Oratorio (a Vaněk play staged at Lincoln Center and based on the events of the Velvet Revolution).  His most personal play, Drs. Jane and Alexander, is a found text piece about his mother and his grandfather, Alexander Wiener, who discovered the Rh factor in blood.
He has written two Oz novels, Paradox in Oz and The Living House of Oz (both illustrated by Eric Shanower), as well as a number of short stories. He has also written two picture books on mathematical subjects for young readers: A Very Improbable Story, on the subject of probability, and Fractions in Disguise, on  the subject of fractions. A number of his plays have also been published, including his Hanukkah drama, Playing Dreidel with Judah Maccabee In 2011, he authored the first English language translation of Václav Havel's final play, The Pig, or Václav Havel's Hunt for a Pig, as well as Havel's one-act, Ela, Hela, and the Hitch.  Both were published, as part of Theater 61 Press' Havel Collection.  Einhorn also wrote the introductions to all the books in the Havel Collection.In 2014 and 2015, he created and produced the show Money Lab, an economic vaudeville, produced at HERE Arts Center in Manhattan and The Brick in Brooklyn.In 2019, he directed the filmed version of The Last Cyclist, a play originally written by Karel Svenk in Terezin during the Holocaust.  It was filmed at La MaMaIn 2020, his podcast The Resistible Rise of J. R. Brinkley was released, a four-part audio drama about the quack doctor turned politician, hosted by Dan Butler.In 2021, his podcast The Iron Heel was released, a three-part audio drama adaptation of the book by Jack London.
An officer in The Salvation Army is a Salvationist who is an ordained minister of the Christian faith, but who fulfills many other roles not usually filled by clergy of other denominations. They do so having been trained, ordained and commissioned to serve and lead and given a title which uses the terms of typical military rank.
Tonight with Craig Doyle is a talk show hosted by Craig Doyle that was broadcast on RTÉ One for one series in 2010. The show featured guest interviews, audience participation and live music. Tonight with Craig Doyle was broadcast every Saturday night during the spring season directly after the main evening news.
The Founders Academy is a charter school in Manchester, New Hampshire, United States. The academy's charter states that the focus is to provide a classical education with a business and law and ethics focus to students in grades six through twelve who reside in the state of New Hampshire.
Eschweilera sclerophylla is a species of woody plant in the family Lecythidaceae. It is found only in Colombia.
In Your House 3 (retroactively titled In Your House 3: Triple Header) was the third In Your House professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE). It took place on September 24, 1995, at the Saginaw Civic Center in Saginaw, Michigan. The PPV portion of the show featured six matches in total, while four dark matches also occurred. With the launch of the WWE Network in 2014, the PPV section became available to subscribers to view on demand.
The main event of the show featured all three active championships in the WWF at the time being defended. The WWF World Heavyweight Champion Diesel teamed up with the WWF Intercontinental Champion Shawn Michaels and they were slated to take on the reigning WWF World Tag Team Champions Yokozuna and Owen Hart in a match where the person who was pinned would lose the championship. As part of the storyline the WWF replaced Owen Hart with The British Bulldog, due to Hart's wife being in labor. In the end Owen Hart did appear at the show and was pinned to end the match, but since he was not deemed the legal man in the match, the next night on Raw, the WWF World Tag Team Championship was awarded back to Hart and Yokozuna.
In Your House 3 was the first WWF PPV of the Monday Night Wars era of September 4, 1995, to March 26, 2001. During this time, WWF's Raw and World Championship Wrestling's Nitro competed for ratings in a weekly Monday night time slot, now widely seen as the "golden age" of pro-wrestling.
John Leslie Messenger (14 May 1902 – 24 May 1982) was a British philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1979.
Osage Beach is a city in Camden and Miller counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. Most of the city is in Camden County, while a small eastern sliver is in Miller County.  The population was 4,351 at the 2010 census.
East Sooke is an unincorporated community south and east of Sooke, British Columbia, Canada. It consists of over 500 houses (and one volunteer fire department) along with the headquarters of the Royal Canadian Marine Search and Rescue (RCMSAR) organization on the south side of the Sooke Basin. East Sooke borders on East Sooke Regional Park, an area of 14.3394 square kilometres (3,543.3 acres), with views south to Olympic National Park in the United States.
East Sooke does not have a town council. Instead it is governed by a regional director who is also responsible for other unincorporated areas in the Capital Regional District (the regional district of Greater Victoria).
East Sooke's general character is rural, although it is a bedroom community of Victoria, British Columbia. Its close proximity to Victoria, its character as a bedroom community, and its large tracts of undeveloped land have made it an attractive location for recreation and retirement developments. Political scuffles over the development of the community have led to two large sections of East Sooke splitting off and joining Sooke. Those in Sooke generally consider this to be a positive acquisition, whereas those in East Sooke consider it a non-hostile occupation. Due to these recent incursions into East Sooke territory, the expectation is that East Sooke will ultimately be swallowed by a neighboring community, be it Sooke or Metchosin.
The population of East Sooke is roughly 1,500 (2001 census: 1434). There is no town core, but there is a single convenience store. Typical of the rural nature of the community, not only can one purchase a litre of milk, or a loaf of bread, but one can buy animal feed, or a truck load of gravel from that store. East Sooke is a mix of small residential subdivisions, small hobby farms, and wilderness.
There are currently no schools in East Sooke although there have been plans for an elementary school for a number of years. Some children are bussed to Sooke schools. This community is part of School District 62 Sooke. Many families in East Sooke homeschool their kids negating the need to travel to Sooke for school. This area has a vibrant homeschooling community and there are multiple programs available for families who choose to teach at home.
Zdzisław Skrok (Polish pronunciation: [ˈzdʑiswaf skrɔk] (listen); born 1950) is a Polish archaeologist and writer. He has published over twenty collections of essays on history (especially of Slavs and Vikings), archaeology, marine exploration and material culture. He is known for his theory of a Viking ancestry of Mieszko I, the first historical sovereign of Poland.He was one of the consultants being interviewed in the five-episode documentary film "The Vikings" by Paul Russell and Andrea Vogt (production: Millstream Films 2015, distribution: Viasat History).
Thok Jalung was a goldfield in Tibet that gained international attention upon its discovery by the west.Thok Jalung was one of many goldfields that stretched from Lhasa into western Tibet, north of the Tsangpo River watershed. Situated on the Changtang, 16,330 feet (4,980 m) above sea level, Thok Jalung was the highest altitude goldfield in the world and at the time was believed to be the highest altitude in the world inhabited all year round.Thok Jalung was first visited by a non-Tibetan on 26 August 1867 when the pundit Nain Singh Rawat, who was secretly surveying Tibet, visited the mines. He would later say that Thok Jalung was the coldest place he had ever visited. It was not until 1906 that the first European visited Thok Jalung.Thok Jalung was very productive and Nain Singh reported seeing one nugget weighing nearly 2 pounds (0.91 kg). The goldfield was about 1 mile (1.6 km) long, with a small stream running through the field, used to wash the gold out of the soil.Miners lived in yak-hair tents pitched in holes two or more metres below the ground. There were about 300 miners during the summer and over 6 000 during winter, as frozen ground was less likely to collapse. As in many cases the miners' families were also staying onsite, one author has suggested a winter population of 20 000 at Thok Jalung.Tibetans believed that gold nuggets contained life and were the parents of gold dust. If a nugget was excavated in error from Thok Jalung it was immediately reburied.
3-deoxy-D-manno-octulosonic acid kinase (EC 2.7.1.166, kdkA (gene), Kdo kinase) is an enzyme with systematic name ATP:(KDO)-lipid IVA 3-deoxy-alpha-D-manno-oct-2-ulopyranose 4-phosphotransferase. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
   4-O-phospho-alpha-Kdo-(2->6)-lipid IVA + ADPThe enzyme phosphorylates the 4-OH position of KDO in (KDO)-lipid IVA.
Neil Cordy (born 8 April 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer and now television presenter.
Notharctus is a genus of adapiform primate that lived in North America and Europe during the late to middle Eocene.The body form of Notharctus is similar to that of modern rats. Its fingers were elongated for clamping onto branches, including the development of a thumb. Its spine is flexible and the animal was about 40 centimetres (16 in) in length, excluding the long tail.There were at least four different Notharctus species. Fossils from at least seven other potential species have also been discovered.
Faida Hamdy (Arabic: فادية حمدي, born 1966) is a former Tunisian municipal inspector who abused street vendor Mohamed Bouazizi, whose self immolation in response to the government's cruelty, contributed to the outbreak of the Tunisian revolution.
The Damsel of Cyprus (born c. 1177), possibly named Beatrice or Maria, was the daughter of Isaac Komnenos, emperor of Cyprus, and an Armenian princess. She was her father's sole heiress. Her given name is not known with certainty and she is known by convention as the "Damsel of Cyprus".
She was a hostage in the Principality of Antioch from 1182 until at least 1184. She was captured in 1191 during a brief war between her father and King Richard I of England. She remained an English prisoner, although treated well, until 1194. During her captivity she travelled throughout the Holy Land, Italy and France. After her release, she remained in France. In 1199 or 1200, she married Count Raymond VI of Toulouse, becoming his fourth wife. They divorced by late 1202 or early 1203, when she married Thierry of Flanders, who attempted to claim Cyprus on her behalf. After this failed venture, the couple went to Armenia. Her fate thereafter is unknown.
Anachrostis nigripuncta is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by George Hampson in 1893. It is found in Sri Lanka.
William Brown (March 29, 1938, Jackson, Mississippi – October 20, 2004, Jacksonville, Florida) was an American operatic tenor.
Brown earned a Bachelor of Music degree from Jackson State University in 1960 and a Masters of Music degree from the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University in 1962. He later earned a doctorate of music from the Peabody Institute in 1971. From 1962 to 1966, he was a soloist with the United States Navy Band and Choir, with whom he performed for Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson.In 1967, he made his professional opera debut as Spalanzani in The Tales of Hoffmann with the Baltimore Opera Company. That same year, replacing an ailing Plácido Domingo, he made his New York City debut as Kalaf in Ferruccio Busoni's Turandot with The Little Orchestra Society at Avery Fisher Hall. He also starred as the Angel in the world premiere of John La Montaine's pageant opera The Sheparde's Playe, which was recorded for television and broadcast nationally in the United States on ABC. In 1968, he created the role of Feste in the world premiere of David Amram's Twelfth Night at the Lake George Opera, and he made his debut at the New York City Opera as Lieutenant Jean l'Aiglon in the world premiere of Hugo Weisgall's Nine Rivers from Jordan.In 1970, Brown sang the role of Don Ottavio in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Don Giovanni at the Connecticut Opera. In 1971, he portrayed the role of Lucano in Claudio Monteverdi's L'incoronazione di Poppea with the Opera Orchestra of New York under conductor Eve Queler. He returned to the Baltimore Opera in 1972 to perform the role of Belmonte in Mozart's Die Entführung aus dem Serail. In 1977, he sang the role of Nate in the New York premiere of William Grant Still's Highway 1 U.S.A. for the inaugural production of Opera Ebony. That same year, he made his debut with the New York Philharmonic, singing in a concert of works written entirely by African-American composers. In 1981, he performed the role of Thompson St. Chavez in Virgil Thomson's Four Saints in Three Acts at Carnegie Hall, a role which he recorded with Nonesuch Records in 1982. In 1985, he starred in the world premiere of Dorothy Rudd Moore's opera, Frederick Douglass, at Aaron Davis Hall. In 1991, he was the recipient of the North Carolina Award.
From 1972 until his death 32 years later, Brown was a professor of voice at the University of North Florida. He had previously taught at Florida Presbyterian College from 1970 to 1972. Brown died in 2004 at the age of 66 in Jacksonville, Florida.
The Battle of Histria, c. 62–61 B.C., was fought between the Bastarnae peoples of Scythia Minor and the Roman Consul (63 B.C.) Gaius Antonius Hybrida. The Bastarnae emerged victorious from the battle after successfully launching a surprise attack on the Roman troops; Hybrida escaped alongside his cavalry forces leaving behind the infantry to be massacred by the Bastarnian-Scythian attackers.
In the late 2nd Century B.C., the Pontic king Mithridates VI Eupator began a campaign of expansion around the Black Sea and into the interior of Asia Minor in modern-day Turkey. His campaigns led to the subjugation of the Bosporan Kingdom, Scythia Minor including the Black Sea Greek polises of Histria and Tomis, as well as the provinces of Bithynia, Cappadocia and much of Asia Minor. These campaigns led to conflict with the Roman Republic, the outcome of which was the return of Bithynia and Cappadocia to their respective rulers. The Roman Republic then urged the king of Bithynia to invade Pontus with the intent of seizing loot to return to Rome. Mithridates in retaliation conquered Bithynia and Cappadocia once again and began massacring the Roman and Italic populations of Asia Minor with the assistance of the Greeks in what is referred to as the Asiatic Vespers. This led to two further wars between the Roman Republic and Pontus which ended with the death of Mithridates VI, the end of revolts in Greece, Macedonia, and Asia Minor among others, and the subjugation of Armenia.
During this period, Gaius Antonius Hybrida was sent alongside Sulla to Macedonia to assist in the First Mithridatic War in around 87 B.C. After the end of the First Mithridatic War, while Sulla returned to Rome, Hybrida stayed in Macedonia levying contributions for himself. He was later recalled to Rome. First to face criminal charges in 76 B.C. resulting in his expulsion from the Senate, and then again in 63 B.C. to be elected to the position of Roman Consul and to fight the campaign against Catiline. From here he returned to Macedonia where he began incurring into the territory of Lower and Upper Moesia. He was to be attacked and defeated twice during this time, first by the Dardanians in an unknown location and then second near Histria by a coalition of Bastarnian and Scythian peoples, who may have been under the command of the Dacian king Burebista.
Burebista himself took command of the Bastarnae, Scythian, Dacian and Getae peoples sometime between 82 B.C. and 60 B.C. His rule led to a vast expansion of the Dacian kingdom, as far north as the Bug River at Olbia, south into Thrace, east along the Black Sea and west into Moesia and Pannonia. During the civil war between Pompey and Caesar, Pompey sought the assistance of Burebista, however, the Battle of Pharsalus ended any chance of an alliance between the two. Caesar himself had plans to lead a campaign against Dacia, however, both Caesar and Burebista were assassinated in 44 B.C. and Dacia itself broke apart into several smaller pieces soon after. The Dacians later enjoyed a resurgence in 85–86 A.D. under the rule of Decebalus, but, were again eventually defeated in 106 A.D. by Emperor Trajan who then turned a large portion Dacia into a province of Rome; Roman Dacia.
Boletus subvelutipes, commonly known as the red-mouth bolete, is a bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae. It is found in Asia and North America, where it fruits on the ground in a mycorrhizal association with both deciduous and coniferous trees. Its fruit bodies (mushrooms) have a brown to reddish-brown cap, bright yellow cap flesh, and a stem covered by furfuraceous to punctate ornamentation and dark red hairs at the base. Its flesh instantly stains blue when cut, but slowly fades to white. The fruit bodies are poisonous, and produce symptoms of gastrointestinal distress if consumed.
Moyenne Island is a small island (9.9 ha or 24 acres) in the Sainte Anne Marine National Park off the north coast of Mahé, Seychelles. Since the 1970s onwards, it has been a flora and fauna reserve. From 1915 until the 1960s, the island was abandoned until its purchase by Brendon Grimshaw for £8,000 (about 10,000 dollars). He was a former newspaper editor, originally from Dewsbury in Yorkshire, England.
Grimshaw was the only inhabitant of the island until his death in July 2012. Currently the island is a National Park and can be visited as part of organized trips.
Pseudodiarrhea, also known as hyperdefecation or excess stool, is defined as increased stool frequency (more than three times daily) with a normal daily stool weight of less than 300 g.Pseudodiarrhea is often associated with rectal urgency and accompanies irritable bowel syndrome, hyperthyroidism, and anorectal disorders such as proctitis.  Patients with rectal obstruction (e.g., from fecal impaction, obstruction due to a vaginal pessary) may also present with pseudodiarrhea, since only liquid stool can make it through.Pseudodiarrhea may be more common than chronic diarrhea and should always be considered in patients complaining of chronic diarrhea.
Ivan Yurievich Zhdanov (Russian: Иван Юрьевич Жданов; born August 17, 1988) is a Russian politician and lawyer. He was the director of the Anti-Corruption Foundation (FBK) and is a member of the Central Council of the Russia of the Future political party.
Central of Georgia Railway 509 is a 2-8-0 configuration steam locomotive and tender consolidation on static display in downtown Macon, Georgia, United States. After being removed from service at the end of the steam era, it was given to the city of Macon.
Bulbophyllum dissolutum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
The 1989–1990 BBL season was the third season of the British Basketball League (known as the Carlsberg League for sponsorship reasons) since its establishment in 1987. The season featured a total of just eight teams, playing 28 games each. Due to the low number of teams, the post-season play-offs featured only the top four teams from the regular season instead of the usual top eight finishers.
The future of the league was in the balance due to the waning number of teams. Livingston folded, Crystal Palace and Hemel Hempstead Watford Royals both dropped to the National League and Glasgow Rangers moved back to Kingston. There was small consolation in the formation of a new club called London Docklands (formerly Tower Hamlets) which joined the league.
Kingston completed a clean sweep of all four trophies claiming the title and Play-off crown, as well as the National Cup and NatWest League Trophy. 
Oldham Celtics secured the second tier league title for a second consecutive year.
Amity University, Gurugram, also known as Amity University, Haryana, is a private university located in the Pachgaon cluster of villages, near Manesar, Gurugram district, Haryana, India. The university was established in 2010 by the Amity Education Group through The Haryana Private Universities (Amendment) Act, 2010.
Richard Bonython (1580–1650) was an English magistrate and early settler and landowner in New England. The second son of a Cornish landowner, he served as a military officer before emigrating to the Province of Maine in 1630 with his family. He co-owned a portion of land adjacent to the Saco River and was appointed a magistrate.  During his judicial career his son John was brought before the court and was eventually outlawed, for which he was mentioned in an 1830 poem of John Greenleaf Whittier. Bonython later served as a councillor to the deputy governor of Maine Thomas Gorges.
Eric Benhamou (born in 1955 in Tlemcen, Algeria) was the former CEO of 3Com and Palm.
VA-122 was a long-lived Attack Squadron of the U.S. Navy. It was established as Composite Squadron VC-35 on 25 May 1950, redesignated Attack Squadron (All Weather) VA(AW)-35 on 1 July 1956, and finally as VA-122 on 29 June 1959. The squadron was disestablished on 31 May 1991, after 41 years of service, primarily as a training squadron. Its nickname was the Flying Eagles from 1971–1991.
Kruder & Dorfmeister, named after members Peter Kruder and Richard Dorfmeister, is an Austrian duo, known for their trip hop/downtempo remixes of pop, hip hop and drum and bass songs.
Qaleh Now-e Hajji Musa (Persian: قلعه نو حاجی موسی, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-e Ḩājjī Mūsá, Qal‘eh Now-e Ḩājj Mūsá, Qal‘eh Now-e Ḩāj Mūsá, Qal‘eh Now-ye Ḩaj Mūsá, and Qal‘eh Now-ye Ḩa Mūsá) is a village in Aftab Rural District, Aftab District, Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 903, in 209 families.
Semah Sarfati (1624–1717) was a Tunisian rabbi who was chief rabbi of Tunisia and was a member of the Bet din of Tunisia.
At the end of his life, he moved to the Holy Land, dying in Jerusalem in 1717. Following a schism between the Granas and Twansa communities, in which two of his students – Abraham Taïeb and Isaac Lumbroso respectively – both succeeded him as Chief Rabbi of Tunisia. Another student was Taïeb's successor, Messaoud-Raphaël El-Fassi.Sarfati played an important role in the revival of Jewish study in Tunisia in the 17th century. While his judgements and commentaries have not been published in their own volume, his work has been cited by his students and their successors.
One of the oldest oratories in Hara, the Jewish quarter of Tunis, was named after Sarfati.
Gannat is a canton of the Allier department, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France. At the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015, the canton was expanded from 12 to 41 communes:
Crazy Jones is a 2002 American Comedy-Drama starring Joe Aaron and Francesca Catalano. It is the first feature film from writer-director Joe Aaron.
Los Temerarios are a Mexican Grupera band from Fresnillo, Zacatecas started in 1978 by brothers Adolfo Angel and Gustavo Angel and their cousin Fernando Angel. During their early years, they were known as Conjunto La Brisa.
Los Temerarios have recorded more than 20 albums and been honored with multiple awards and nominations that include two Grammy nominations, one Latin Grammy Award, an Excellence Award from Premio Lo Nuestro and another Lifetime Achievement Award from the Latin Billboard Music Awards. In 2016, they were inducted into the Latin Songwriters Hall of Fame.At the Inaugural Latin Grammy Awards of 2000, they received the award for best Mexican-American album.  In 2005, they received the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Premio Lo Nuestro 2005 Awards show.  The aforementioned award has only been given to the maximum exponents in Latin music history.  Similarly, in 2010, Los Temerarios received the Lifetime Achievement Award from 2010 Latin Billboard Music Awards held in Puerto Rico for their successful 30-year music career.   In 2012, Los Temerarios received their star on the famed Las Vegas Walk of Fame.
West Hill is a village in the East Devon district of Devon, England. The village lies approximately 2 miles south west of Ottery St Mary, its nearest town. West Hill can be accessed by the nearby A30 road. The village has a primary school and a village hall, which is located by the local convenience store in the centre of the village.  Previously part of the parish of Ottery St Mary, West Hill was made into a parish in its own right in April 2017.
Jennifer Fiori (23 March 1986 – 6 September 2021) was an Italian professional racing cyclist.
Worb Castle is a castle in the municipality of Worb of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland.  It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
The South East Hockey League was a minor ice hockey league formed in August 2003. It succeeded the short-lived Atlantic Coast Hockey League and had 4 teams for its first and only season. Jim Riggs was the commissioner.
The Huntsville Channel Cats were the 2003–2004 President's Championship Cup winners. The Channel Cats defeated the Knoxville Ice Bears in three straight games in the championship series.
For the 2004–2005 season, the SEHL ceased play when two of its teams folded while the other two joined with teams from the World Hockey Association 2 to form the Southern Professional Hockey League.
The Pyasina (Russian: Пясина) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia. The river is 818 kilometres (508 mi) long, and its basin covers 182,000 square kilometres (70,000 sq mi). The Pyasina River originates in Lake Pyasino and flows into the Pyasino Gulf of the Kara Sea. There are more than 60,000 lakes in the basin of the Pyasina covering a total area of 10,450 square kilometres (4,030 sq mi). The river freezes up in late September or early October and stays under the ice until June. It is connected to the river Chetyrekh through its right distributary Staritsa.
The following is a list of people executed by the United States military.
Jules Henri Poincaré (UK:  [US: stress final syllable], French: [ɑ̃ʁi pwɛ̃kaʁe] (listen); 29 April 1854 – 17 July 1912) was a French mathematician, theoretical physicist, engineer, and philosopher of science. He is often described as a polymath, and in mathematics as "The Last Universalist", since he excelled in all fields of the discipline as it existed during his lifetime.
As a mathematician and physicist, he made many original fundamental contributions to pure and applied mathematics, mathematical physics, and celestial mechanics. In his research on the three-body problem, Poincaré became the first person to discover a chaotic deterministic system which laid the foundations of modern chaos theory. He is also considered to be one of the founders of the field of topology.
Poincaré made clear the importance of paying attention to the invariance of laws of physics under different transformations, and was the first to present the Lorentz transformations in their modern symmetrical form. Poincaré discovered the remaining relativistic velocity transformations and recorded them in a letter to Hendrik Lorentz in 1905. Thus he obtained perfect invariance of all of Maxwell's equations, an important step in the formulation of the theory of special relativity. In 1905, Poincaré first proposed gravitational waves (ondes gravifiques) emanating from a body and propagating at the speed of light as being required by the Lorentz transformations.
The Poincaré group used in physics and mathematics was named after him.
Early in the 20th century he formulated the Poincaré conjecture that became over time one of the famous unsolved problems in mathematics until it was solved in 2002–2003 by Grigori Perelman.
Abdrakhmanovo (Russian: Абдрахманово) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Abdrakhmanovo, Aurgazinsky District, Bashkortostan, a derevnya in Tukaevsky Rural Settlement of Aurgazinsky District in the Bashkortostan
Abdrakhmanovo, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, a derevnya in Tatlybaevsky Rural Settlement of Baymaksky District in the Bashkortostan
Abdrakhmanovo, Orenburg Oblast, a selo in Abdrakhmanovskoe Rural Settlement of Abdulinsky District in the Orenburg Oblast
Abdrakhmanovo, Sarmanovsky District, Tatarstan, a posyolok in Sarmanovsky District in the Tatarstan
Abdrakhmanovo, Sterlitamaksky District, Bashkortostan, a derevnya in Pervomayskiy Rural Settlement of Sterlitamaksky District in the Tatarstan
Abdrakhmanovo, Tatarstan, a selo in Abdrakhmanovskoe Rural Settlement of Almetyevsky District in the Tatarstan
The Fairfield Stags men's soccer team represents Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut and competes in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference (MAAC) of NCAA Division I. The Stags play their home games at Lessing Field on the campus of Fairfield University. The team was ranked nationally in 1998 (24th), 2000 (15th), 2001 (12th), 2005 (24th), 2006 (15th) 2007 (17th) and 2011 (25th) and competed in the NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament in 1999, 2006, 2008, and 2011. The 2006 team advanced to the second round in the NCAA Tournament after defeating in-state rival University of Connecticut, 2-1. The team also won the MAAC Championship Tournament in 1999, 2006, 2008, 2011, and 2017. Individually, ten players have earned Regional All-American honors including Mark Longwell '82 who was the first Stag to go on to play for the United States men's national soccer team and major professional soccer for the NASL Tampa Bay Rowdies. The Stags are currently coached by 1998 New England Coach of the Year Carl Rees.
Vyacheslav Viktorovich Artashin (Вячеслав Викторович Арташин) (Kazan, 17 March 1972 - Kazan, 22 May 2014) was a Russian rugby league footballer and referee. His position of choice was usually in the forwards at prop.He played for Strela Kazan in the Championship of Russia, having won several titles. 
Artashin represented the USSR youth rugby team and the Russian national side on several occasions most notably at the 2000 World Cup. At the end of his playing career, Artashin organised various kids', junior and senior rugby sevens, rugby league and beach rugby tournaments, which he also refereed. He was also a referee at the 2013 Summer Universiade rugby sevens matches. Artashin was named Master of Sports of Russia in 2003 and took part at several senior tournaments.His ex-wife, Ellina Skvostsova and their daughter, Daria, died in a plane crash in Kazan on 17 November 2013, and on 22 May 2014, he died of a heart attack.A trophy awarded to one of the junior rugby sevens teams in the Volga District was named after Vyacheslav Artashin: in 2015 it was presented to the winners by his brother Sergey.
"Bad Boys" is a song by Swedish singer Zara Larsson from her debut studio album, 1. It was released on 23 October 2013, and was written by Marcus "Mack" Sepehrmanesh, and produced by Elof Loelv. Since its release, it has peaked at number 27 in Sweden, and at number 33 in Denmark, where it was certified Gold in the latter for Streaming.
The Edmonton Energy is a professional basketball team in the International Basketball League, formerly known as the Edmonton Chill. The Chill name was revoked in August 2008, after allegations of misconduct were filed with the league regarding Troy Barns, the majority shareholder in the team.
On 27 January 2009, The Edmonton Chill were renamed the Edmonton Energy. Eleven local business owners, led by businessman, chartered accountant, and mayoral candidate David Dorward came together to keep the IBL in Edmonton. Paul Sir was head coach and general manager of the Edmonton Energy.The Edmonton Energy formerly played their home games at the MacEwan Centre for Sport and Wellness at MacEwan University ,just north of Downtown Edmonton, but moved to the "Butterdome" (or Universiade Pavilion), located at the University of Alberta in the Windsor Park/Garneau area. The Energy was the second Canadian team in the International Basketball League, as Vancouver, British Columbia also had a team called the BC Titans.
Dean Kelly (born 1977, Galway) is an Irish painter and photographer. His works 'chronicle changes in Irish society through recent years'.Between 1995 and 2001 Kelly was a member of Macnas Theatre & Spectacle, Galway. (He was prop and theatre designer, and sculptor of a number of 'cabezudos' style caricature heads. These 'massive heads' were later used on Chris Evans' Channel 4 (UK) 'TFI Friday' show in the late 1990s).In 2015 the artist was included in the National Irish Visual Arts Library (NIVAL) database of Irish artists.
Iron Eagle is a 1986 military action film directed by Sidney J. Furie, co-written by Kevin Alyn Elders and starring Jason Gedrick and Louis Gossett Jr.  While it received negative reviews, being unfavorably compared to the similarly-themed Top Gun released the same year, the film earned $24,159,872 at the U.S. box office. Iron Eagle was followed by three sequels: Iron Eagle II, Aces: Iron Eagle III, and Iron Eagle on the Attack, with Gossett being the only actor to appear in all four films.The basis of the story relates to real life attacks by the United States against Libya over the Gulf of Sidra, in particular the 1981 Gulf of Sidra incident.
This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Northampton County, North Carolina. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view an online map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.
This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted January 28, 2022.. North Carolina Has an NBA player called “Deevonate Russell”
NCURA, founded in 1959, is an organization of individuals with professional interests in the administration of sponsored programs (research, education and training), primarily at colleges and universities.
Yevgeni Aleksandrovich Saprykin (Russian: Евгений Александрович Сапрыкин; born 18 April 1970; died in January 2015) was a Russian professional football player.
Ramderiya is a village of Barmer district in Sheo Tehsil from Rajasthan.
Thamarassery Churam is a mountain pass in Kerala, India across the Western Ghats. "Churam" is the Malayalam word for 'mountain pass'.
The Old Town is an archaeological site near Al-'Ula, Medina Province, Saudi Arabia. It is known as the deira (the town). Inside the town, there are ancient heritage buildings, mosques and markets, dating back to about seven centuries. This town is 22 km away from Mada'in Saleh. The heritage town looks like a single building due to the crowding of its 870 residential units. These units are separated by narrow and winding alleys. The town is divided into two districts: Al-Shugaig in the north and Al-Haf in the south.
Edward J. Kay (sometimes credited as Edward Kay or Eddie Kay; November 27, 1898 – December 22, 1973) was an American film composer and musical director, who worked on over 340 films from the 1930s into the 1960s, and was nominated on multiple occasions for an Academy Award for Best Original Score, although he never won. On his last film, 1962's The Creation of the Humanoids, he was also a producer.
In 1941, Kay was nominated for King of the Zombies, but lost to Bernard Herrmann for All That Money Can Buy. The following year, Kay was nominated for Klondike Fury, losing to Max Steiner, for Now, Voyager. Kay was nominated in 1943 for Lady, Let's Dance, losing to Morris Stoloff and Carmen Dragon for Cover Girl. Finally, in 1945, Kay was nominated for his work on two films, G. I. Honeymoon in the comedy/drama category, and Sunbonnet Sue in the musical category; Kay lost in both categories, to Miklós Rózsa, for Spellbound, and to Georgie Stoll for Anchors Aweigh, respectively. Kay was the only composer to substitute for Lee Zahler on a Columbia Pictures production between 1938 and 1947, when Kay composed for Brenda Starr Reporter in 1945. Kay was a frequent collaborator with director William Beaudine.Kay was born in New York City, and died in Los Angeles County, California.
The AFL Rising Star is an Australian rules football award presented annually to the player adjudged the best young player in the Australian Football League (AFL) for the year. An eligible player is nominated for the award each round during the AFL's regular season, and a panel of experts votes for the winner at the end of the season.During the 2017 season, the award was sponsored by National Australia Bank, and the winner announced in a presentation held on 1 September 2017 and broadcast on subscription television by Fox Footy. The voting panel for this season consisted of eleven members, all of whom were AFL officials or former players: Kevin Bartlett, Luke Darcy, Andrew Dillon, Danny Frawley, Glen Jakovich, Chris Johnson, Cameron Ling, Gillon McLachlan, Matthew Richardson, Warren Tredrea and Kevin Sheehan. The winner was Essendon player Andrew McGrath, who polled 51 votes. McGrath became only the third number-one draft pick to win the award, and the second Essendon recipient.The club that garnered the most individual nominations this season was Carlton with five players nominated for the award. This was a club record and the equal-second most nominations a club has garnered in an individual season, behind Greater Western Sydney's eight nominations in the 2012 season. Brisbane Lions player Alex Witherden, who received a nomination in round 17, was nominated for the award again in the 2018 season—becoming the eleventh player ever to be nominated twice for a Rising Star award.
Elmer W. Cart (August 11, 1891 – February 6, 1980) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as a North Dakota Public Service Commissioner from 1949 to 1954.
Shaphan (Hebrew: שפן, which means "hyrax"), son of Azaliah, is the name of a scribe or court secretary mentioned several times in the Hebrew Bible (2 Kings 22:3-14 and 25:22; and parallels in 2 Chronicles 34:8-20; see also Jeremiah 26:24; 36:10–12; 39:14; 40:5 and following; and 43:6).
The Clarkstown radio transmitter is a longwave radio transmitter in County Meath, Ireland. It is located some 3.5 km (2 miles) east of the village of Summerhill, in a field south of the R156 regional road at Clarkstown.
Constructed in 1988 for the transmission of Atlantic 252 on 252 kHz, it uses one 248-metre (814') high guyed steel framework mast with triangular cross section, insulated against ground. The original transmitters were two 300 kilowatt Continental Solid State transmitters built by Varian Associates of Dallas. These were replaced in 2007 by a single 300 kilowatt Transradio TRAM 300L transmitter. The ground around the mast and the entire transmission site bed are lined with copper for conductivity. The site has an ITU-cleared transmission power of 500 kW by day and 100 kW at night but is now only capable of operating at 300 kW by day and 100 kW at night.
Atlantic 252 ceased operations on 20 December 2001 and sports radio station TEAMtalk 252 briefly took over the frequency for a few months in 2002. The transmitter was later taken over by RTÉ Networks Limited (now 2RN). It is now used for the AM version of RTÉ Radio 1 on 252 kHz, and has been the sole source of RTÉ Radio 1 on AM since 24 March 2008, when the medium wave Tullamore transmitter on 567 kHz was taken off air.In 2007, the transmitter was carrying a Digital Radio Mondiale multiplex overnight, featuring Radio 1, RTÉ Digital Radio Sport, RTÉ Digital Radio News and the World Radio Network, before reverting to AM transmission for the daytime. DRM tests have since ceased, and AM transmissions now operate full-time once again.
On 24 September 2014, RTÉ announced that broadcasting of RTÉ Radio 1 on 252 kHz will cease on 27 October 2014. Following representations from Irish listeners in the UK and others that date has now been postponed at least until 2021.
The 1890 World Series was an end-of-the-year baseball playoff series between the National League champion Brooklyn Bridegrooms (later known as the Dodgers) and the American Association champion Louisville Colonels.
This Series was part of the pre-modern-era World Series, an annual competition between the champions of the National League and the American Association. The best-of-7 games Series ended without resolution. Each club won 3 games, with 1 game ending in a tie.
After losing the 1889 World Series to their "cross-town" rivals, the New York Giants (Brooklyn was actually a separate city until 1898), the Bridegrooms came back strong and won the National League pennant in 1890, the first  major league club to win consecutive pennants in two different leagues (the only other being the Boston Reds (1890–91)).
The major league world was in turmoil in 1890, as many of the best players had jumped to an outlaw organization called the Players' League. Although the Brotherhood only lasted the one season, it had a detrimental financial effect on the other two leagues, especially the Association.
Although the Boston Reds of the Players' League were probably the best team in the majors, and had floated the idea of a three-way World Series, the established leagues ignored them and made arrangements for the usual NL-AA contest, this time to be a conventional best-4-of-7 Series.
The games were held at the Bridegrooms' home field, Washington Park, and the Colonels' home field, Eclipse Park. The first four were played in Louisville (including a tie in Game 3), and the remainder of the Series was scheduled for Brooklyn.
The Series commenced on October 17 and concluded on October 28. The weather had become progressively worse as the Series wore on, and prior to Game 7, the two managers agreed that this would be the final game, and if Louisville won the game to square the Series at 3–3–1 (which they did), that there would be a deciding championship game the following spring.
Game 1, October 17, at Louisville – Brooklyn 9, Louisville 0 (8 innings)
Game 2, October 18, at Louisville – Brooklyn 5, Louisville 3
Game 3, October 20, at Louisville – Brooklyn 7, Louisville 7 (8 innings – tied)
Game 4, October 21, at Louisville – Louisville 5, Brooklyn 4
Game 5, October 25, at Brooklyn – Brooklyn 7, Louisville 2
Game 6, October 27, at Brooklyn – Louisville 9, Brooklyn 8
Game 7, October 28, at Brooklyn – Louisville 6, Brooklyn 2Unfortunately for that plan, the championship game was never held. Disputes arose between the National League and the American Association during the winter about the redistribution of players following the dissolution of the Players' League. The Association ended its relationship with the League before the spring of 1891, so the anticipated championship game was canceled, and no World Series was held in 1891. The 1891 pennant winners would be the Boston Beaneaters of the NL and the Boston Reds of the AA, who had joined the Association from the Players' League. This would turn out to be the only time two Boston clubs would win their respective league championships. It would also turn out to be the second (and last) time that a club won pennants in consecutive years in different leagues.
Following the 1891 season, the Association folded, and four clubs were brought into the League. The League would attempt a championships series during the 1890s called the Temple Cup Series, which would prove to be better organized and better attended than the NL-AA contests, and would help pave the way to the modern World Series that would begin in 1903.
A comet is an icy, small Solar System body that, when passing close to the Sun, warms and begins to release gases, a process that is called outgassing. This produces a visible atmosphere or coma, and sometimes also a tail. These phenomena are due to the effects of solar radiation and the solar wind acting upon the nucleus of the comet. Comet nuclei range from a few hundred meters to tens of kilometers across and are composed of loose collections of ice, dust, and small rocky particles. The coma may be up to 15 times Earth's diameter, while the tail may stretch beyond one astronomical unit. If sufficiently bright, a comet may be seen from Earth without the aid of a telescope and may subtend an arc of 30° (60 Moons) across the sky. Comets have been observed and recorded since ancient times by many cultures and religions.
Comets usually have highly eccentric elliptical orbits, and they have a wide range of orbital periods, ranging from several years to potentially several millions of years. Short-period comets originate in the Kuiper belt or its associated scattered disc, which lie beyond the orbit of Neptune. Long-period comets are thought to originate in the Oort cloud, a spherical cloud of icy bodies extending from outside the Kuiper belt to halfway to the nearest star. Long-period comets are set in motion towards the Sun from the Oort cloud by gravitational perturbations caused by passing stars and the galactic tide. Hyperbolic comets may pass once through the inner Solar System before being flung to interstellar space. The appearance of a comet is called an apparition.
Comets are distinguished from asteroids by the presence of an extended, gravitationally unbound atmosphere surrounding their central nucleus. This atmosphere has parts termed the coma (the central part immediately surrounding the nucleus) and the tail (a typically linear section consisting of dust or gas blown out from the coma by the Sun's light pressure or outstreaming solar wind plasma). However, extinct comets that have passed close to the Sun many times have lost nearly all of their volatile ices and dust and may come to resemble small asteroids. Asteroids are thought to have a different origin from comets, having formed inside the orbit of Jupiter rather than in the outer Solar System. The discovery of main-belt comets and active centaur minor planets has blurred the distinction between asteroids and comets. In the early 21st century, the discovery of some minor bodies with long-period comet orbits, but characteristics of inner solar system asteroids, were called Manx comets. They are still classified as comets, such as C/2014 S3 (PANSTARRS). 27 Manx comets were found from 2013 to 2017.As of November 2021 there are 4584 known comets. However, this represents only a tiny fraction of the total potential comet population, as the reservoir of comet-like bodies in the outer Solar System (in the Oort cloud) is estimated to be one trillion. Roughly one comet per year is visible to the naked eye, though many of those are faint and unspectacular. Particularly bright examples are called "great comets". Comets have been visited by unmanned probes such as the European Space Agency's Rosetta, which became the first to land a robotic spacecraft on a comet, and NASA's Deep Impact, which blasted a crater on Comet Tempel 1 to study its interior.
Hitchin Rural District  was a rural district in Hertfordshire, England from 1894 to 1974, covering an area in the north of the county.
Magda Alfredo Cazanga (born 28 May 1991) is an Angolan handball player for Club Balonmano Salud and the Angolan national team.She competed for the Angolan team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Eskiçeltek is a village in the Uğurludağ District of Çorum Province in Turkey.
This is a list of Mexican football transfers for the 2019–20 winter transfer window, grouped by club. It includes football transfers related to clubs from the Liga Bancomer MX and the Ascenso MX.
JWH-185 is a synthetic cannabinoid receptor ligand from the naphthoylindole family. It is the carbonyl-reduced derivative of related compound JWH-081. The binding affinity of JWH-185 for the CB1 receptor is reported as Ki = 17 ± 3 nM.In the United States, all CB1 receptor agonists of the 3-(1-naphthylmethane)indole class such as JWH-185 are Schedule I Controlled Substances.
Cnaphalocrocis didialis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. 
Its wingspan is 19mm, with a length of the forewings of 9mm.
The holotype had been collected in 1954 near Périnet (Analamazoatra Reserve)
William Alexander Julian (August 6, 1870 – May 29, 1949) served as the 28th Treasurer of the United States from June 1, 1933 to May 29, 1949 under Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman. He remains the last man to have served as Treasurer of the United States.
Robert Simpson composed his Seventh Symphony in 1977, the same year he completed his Sixth Symphony. Composition was begun 26 September and concluded 23 October in Chearsley. The work is dedicated to Hans Keller and his wife, Milein Keller, and was first performed by the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra, conducted by Brian Wright at the Philharmonic Hall, Liverpool on 30 October 1984. It is a one-movement work of approximately 28 minutes duration, and since its first performance it has become one of Simpson's most frequently heard symphonies.
Jan-Michael Vincent (July 15, 1944 – February 10, 2019) was an American actor known for portraying helicopter pilot Stringfellow Hawke in the TV series Airwolf (1984–1987) and the protagonist, Matt Johnson, in the 1978 film Big Wednesday. He also starred as Byron Henry in The Winds of War.
Hastings County Board of Education (HCBE) was a school district in Ontario, Canada, serving Hastings County. Its headquarters were in the Education Centre in Belleville.The territory included the cities of Belleville, and Trenton, the towns of Bancroft and Deseronto, and Frankford, Marmora, Madoc, Stirling, and Tweed villages.Its territory is now within the Hastings & Prince Edward District School Board.
Pelúgano (Asturian and official name: Peḷḷuno) is one of 18 parishes (administrative divisions)  in Aller, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.The altitude is 570 m (1,870 ft) above sea level. It is 16.6 km2 (6.4 sq mi) in size with a population of 212 (INE 2011).
The 1985 Ontario municipal elections were held on November 12, 1985 to elect mayors, municipal councils, school boards, and hydro commissions in cities, towns and other incorporated communities throughout the Canadian province of Ontario.
The most closely watched contests occurred in Metropolitan Toronto.  Art Eggleton was re-elected as Mayor of Toronto, while Mel Lastman was returned as Mayor of North York.
Peter Wong was re-elected two a second term as mayor of Sudbury and Dave Neumann was re-elected to a third term as mayor of Brantford.
Wolong National Nature Reserve (simplified Chinese: 卧龙自然保护区; traditional Chinese: 臥龍自然保護區; pinyin: Wòlóng Zìránbǎohùqū), also known as Wolong Special Administrative Region (simplified Chinese: 卧龙特别行政区; traditional Chinese: 臥龍特別行政區; pinyin: Wòlóng Tèbié Xíngzhèngqū), is a protected area located in Wenchuan County, Sichuan Province, People's Republic of China. Established in 1963 with an initial size of about 20,000 hectares, the reserve was further expanded in 1975, covering an area of about 200,000 hectares in the Qionglai Mountains region. There are over 4,000 different species recorded in the reserve. According to China's Third National Giant Panda Survey, Wolong National Nature Reserve houses about 150 wild giant pandas. The reserve is also a home to many other endangered species including: snow leopards, red pandas, golden monkeys, white-lipped deer and many precious plants. Before the devastating 2008 Wenchuan earthquake Wolong received up to 200,000 visitors every year.As one of the Sichuan Giant Panda Sanctuaries, Wolong National Nature Reserve has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2006.
Pontefract is a historic market town in the Metropolitan Borough of Wakefield in West Yorkshire, England, east of Wakefield and south of Castleford. Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, it is one of the towns in the City of Wakefield District and had a population of 30,881 at the 2011 Census. Pontefract's motto is Post mortem patris pro filio, Latin for "After the death of the father, support the son", a reference to the town's Royalist sympathies in the English Civil War.
The Goya Award for Best Costume Design (Spanish: Premio Goya al mejor diseño de vestuario) is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards. The award was first presented at the first edition of the Goya Awards with Gerardo Vera being the first winner for his work in El amor brujo.
Javier Artiñano holds the record of most wins in this category with five followed by Yvonne Blake with four, Artiñano also is the most nominated for this award with eleven nominations.
A Crab is a standard astrophotometrical unit for measurement of the intensity of Astrophysical X-ray sources.  One Crab is defined as the intensity of the Crab Nebula at the corresponding X-ray photon energy.
The Crab Nebula, and the Crab Pulsar within it, is an intense space X-ray source. It is used as a standard candle in the calibration procedure of X-ray instruments in space. However, because of the Crab Nebula's variable intensity at different X-ray energies, conversion of the Crab to another units depends on the X-ray energy range of interest.
In the photon energy range from 2 to 10 keV, 1 Crab equals 2.4 · 10−8 erg cm−2 s−1 = 15 keV cm−2 s−1 = 2.4 · 10−11 W m−2. For energies greater than ~30 keV, the Crab Nebula becomes unsuitable for calibration purposes, as its flux can no longer be characterized by a single coherent model.The unit mCrab, or milliCrab, is sometimes used instead of the Crab.
Khasa (Cossa, Cossaes) was a high-quality variety of calico cloth that was manufactured and used for clothing in the Mughal Empire.
Katsuyo Kobayashi (小林 カツ代, Kobayashi Katsuyo, October 24, 1937 – January 23, 2014) was a Japanese celebrity chef, food writer, and founder/leader of the charity "Kagurazaka Women's Choir".
George Atwood Slater (September 2, 1867 – February 23, 1937) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
USS SC-40, until July 1920 known as USS Submarine Chaser No. 40 or USS S.C. 40, was an SC-1-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.
SC-40 was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 13 February 1918 as USS Submarine Chaser No. 40, abbreviated at the time as USS S.C. 40.
In 1919, Submarine Chaser No. 40 participated in North Sea minesweeping operations to clear the North Sea Mine Barrage after World War I.
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, Submarine Chaser No. 40 was classified as SC-40 and her name was shortened to USS SC-40.
On 14 October 1924, the Navy sold SC-40 to the Florida Boat Company of Washington, D.C..
The 2008 Canadian federal election  was held on October 14, 2008, to elect members to the House of Commons of Canada of the 40th Canadian Parliament after the previous parliament had been dissolved by Governor General Michaëlle Jean on September 7, 2008. The election call led to the cancellation of four federal by-elections that had been scheduled to occur in September.The election resulted in a second, but stronger minority government for the Conservative Party, led by the incumbent Prime Minister, Stephen Harper. While the Tories were a dozen seats away from a majority government, the Liberal Party led by Stéphane Dion lost 18 seats as the New Democratic Party and the Bloc Québécois made slight gains. The Green Party failed to win any seats and lost its only Member of Parliament. Following the election, a coalition attempt among the Liberal Party and New Democratic Party emerged but was unsuccessful.
Allah maana (Arabic: الله معنا, lit. “God Is on Our Side”) is an Egyptian film released in 1955. Premiering on November 14 of that year, it was directed by Ahmed Badrakhan with a screenplay co-written by him and Ihsan Abdel Quddous and an all-star csat including Faten Hamama, Emad Hamdy, Magda al-Sabahi, and Mahmoud el-Meliguy. The film was censored to the point of almost preventing release, according to film critic and historian Aly Abou Shadi, over the portrayal of 1952 coup leader Mohammed Naguib. It was saved by Gamal Abdel Nasser’s approval, underlined by his attending the premiere at the Rivoli Cinema.
André Pierre Aurèle Gaston Vacherot (5 June 1877 in Paris, France – 22 February 1924 in Rouen, France) was a French male tennis player. He is best remembered for having won the men's singles event of the French Championships on four occasions: 1894, 1895, 1896, and 1901.
His younger brother Michel Vacherot was also a tennis player. Together they won the men's doubles in 1901. For André this was his second doubles victory, as he had already won this title back in 1895 together with the German Christian Winzer.
The two brothers André and Marcel Vacherot were grandsons of the french philosopher Étienne Vacherot.
Oretachi wa Tenshi da! (俺たちは天使だ!) is an action and comedy Japanese TV series starring Masaya Oki which was originally broadcast on Nippon TV in 1979. The show won great popularity in its time. It is noted for the ad-libbing and jokes by the cast and staff.
Ali Ismail Doka (born 11 May 1973) is a Qatari sprinter. He competed in the men's 4 × 400 metres relay at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Morton Jacob Baum (October 27, 1897 – August 1, 1963) was an American businessman. He was president of the Hickey Freeman from 1959 until his death.  He began working for Hickey Freeman in 1919. He was elected the second president of Hickey Freeman in 60 years.
The Darwin Festival celebrates the multicultural aspects of the Northern Territory lifestyle. The Festival is held over 18 days in the dry season (May-Oct) and comprises a series of events including outdoor concerts, workshops, theatre, dance music, comedy, cabaret, film and visual arts. In 2020, Darwin Festival was due to be held from 6–23 August.
Utz Brands, Inc. , more commonly known as Utz, is a large American snack food company  based in Hanover, Pennsylvania. The company produces a wide variety of potato chips, pretzels, and other snacks, with most of its products primarily sold across the eastern United States.
Brain Warp is an electronic audio game designed and showcased by Big Monster Toys, and was manufactured and published by Tiger Electronics and released on June 16, 1996. In this game, players follow the spoken instructions from sound files spoken from the game unit. The player has to rotate the game in different directions so that the correct color is facing upwards. Its catchphrase which the voice says before a game begins is: "If you don't keep up with me, you're finished!". When you fail a game, the game unit will say "this game is finished" and then it will say "wanna warp again?". A Star Wars version titled Death Star Escape was released by Tiger Electronics in 1997 and the games are called Challenges.
Sheila Mary Forbes  (born 31 December 1946), is a British educator, consultant and manager. She was principal of St Hilda's College, Oxford from 2007 to 2014.
Forbes was born in Dorset, grew up in Wargrave near Henley, attended St Paul's Girls' School in London and received her B.A. in History from St Hilda's College, Oxford, in 1969. She has studied at the London School of Economics and at Bath University. She spent the first 25 years of her career managing organizational change as a human resources professional in the private sector, joining Philips Electronics in 1970 and becoming Personnel Director of Unigate plc in 1980. In 1988 she became an Executive Director at Storehouse and finished her corporate career at Reed Elsevier, where she was Human Resources Director from 1992 to 1996.  Since leaving Reed Elsevier she has been a consultant and non-executive director for several large companies.  From 1994 to 2000 she was a non-executive director for Lloyds TSB and is currently a non-executive director for OCS Group Ltd and Tribal Group plc.
She has also held a number of government, private, and public appointments, including Civil Service Commissioner, Chair of the Board of Governors of Thames Valley University, Chair of the Board of the Institute for Employment Studies and board member of the British Library and the Crafts Council.
In 2002 she was awarded the CBE for services to women in the workforce.She has one brother, Duncan Forbes, an accountant in Hampshire and 5 years her junior. Her father, Alexander 'Sandy' Forbes, was a dentist in Slough.
The Oyoko Clan is one of the eight major Abusua and its characteristic is patience. It is a clan from Ghana and the origins of the clan can be traced back to at least c. 1570.
The Oyoko Clan is bigger than Asante. The Oyoko family traces its origins to the contemporary Akan Town of Techiman. The original Oyoko royal family of Techimanhene’s palace. The Asantehene and Techimanhene are of the same clan!
William D. Robinson (22 May 1826 – 7 November 1890) was a locomotive engineer who founded the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers (BLE) on 8 May 1863 during the American Civil War, America's first union for railway workers. Robinson traveled widely and oversaw rapid growth in the union's first sixteen months. After a disastrous strike he was forced to resign in August 1864, and did not hold office again, although he remained active in union affairs until his death.
Reginald Weldon Garrett (born November 21, 1951) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for three seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He is currently the safety and security manager at U.S. Foods in Perth Amboy, New Jersey.
Shigeyasu Station (重安駅, Shigeyasu-eki) is a train station in Mine, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Lev Arkadyevich Tcelishchev (Russian: Лев Аркадьевич Целищев; born 16 April 1990) is a Russian handball player who plays for Spartak Moscow and the Russian national team.
Pseudophlocteis vidua is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Pseudophlocteis.
Powers Lake is a city in Burke County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 280 at the 2010 census. Powers Lake was founded in 1909.
Peter Arthur Fox (5 May 1959 – 27 March 2021) was a data science and Semantic eScience researcher at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI), United States. He was a Tetherless World Constellation chair and professor of Earth and Environmental Science, Computer Science and Cognitive Science, and director of the Information Technology and Web Science Program at RPI. He was known for defining informatics and data science in earth sciences, bringing Semantic Web research to that community,  as well as defining the sun-earth connection research agenda and co-convening the community. Fox was born in Devonport, Tasmania, Australia and resided in Troy, NY, United States until his death on 27 March 2021, at the age of 61.
Tristam Burges (February 26, 1770 – October 13, 1853) was a U.S. Representative from Rhode Island, and great-great-uncle of Theodore Francis Green.
The kangaroo is a marsupial from the family Macropodidae (macropods, meaning "large foot"). In common use the term is used to describe the largest species from this family, the red kangaroo, as well as the antilopine kangaroo, eastern grey kangaroo, and western grey kangaroo. Kangaroos are indigenous to Australia and New Guinea. The Australian government estimates that 42.8 million kangaroos lived within the commercial harvest areas of Australia in 2019, down from 53.2 million in 2013.As with the terms "wallaroo" and "wallaby", "kangaroo" refers to a paraphyletic grouping of species.  All three refer to members of the same taxonomic family, Macropodidae, and are distinguished according to size. The largest species in the family are called "kangaroos" and the smallest are generally called "wallabies".  The term "wallaroos" refers to species of an intermediate size. There are also the tree-kangaroos, another type of macropod, which inhabit the tropical rainforests of New Guinea, far northeastern Queensland and some of the islands in the region. This kind of kangaroo lives in the upper branches of trees. A general idea of the relative size of these informal terms could be:
wallabies: head and body length of 45–105 cm and tail length of 33–75 cm; the dwarf wallaby (the smallest of all known macropod species) is 46 cm long and weighs 1.6 kg;
tree-kangaroos: ranging from Lumholtz's tree-kangaroo: body and head length of 48–65 cm, tail of 60–74 cm, weight of 7.2 kg (16 lb) for males and 5.9 kg (13 lb) for females; to the grizzled tree-kangaroo: length of 75–90 cm (30 to 35 in) and weight of 8–15 kg (18–33 lb);
wallaroos: the black wallaroo (the smallest of the two species) with a tail length of 60–70 cm and weight of 19–22 kg (41.8–48.5 lb) for males and 13 kg (28.6 lb) for females;
kangaroos: a large male can be 2 m (6 ft 7 in) tall and weigh 90 kg (200 lb).Kangaroos have large, powerful hind legs, large feet adapted for leaping, a long muscular tail for balance, and a small head. Like most marsupials, female kangaroos have a pouch called a marsupium in which joeys complete postnatal development.
Because of its grazing habits, the kangaroo has developed specialized teeth that are rare among mammals. Its incisors are able to crop grass close to the ground and its molars chop and grind the grass. Since the two sides of the lower jaw are not joined or fused together, the lower incisors are farther apart, giving the kangaroo a wider bite. The silica in grass is abrasive, so kangaroo molars are ground down and they actually move forward in the mouth before they eventually fall out, and are replaced by new teeth that grow in the back. This process is known as polyphyodonty and, amongst other mammals, only occurs in elephants and manatees.
The large kangaroos have adapted much better than the smaller macropods to land clearing for pastoral agriculture and habitat changes brought to the Australian landscape by humans. Many of the smaller species are rare and endangered, while kangaroos are relatively plentiful.
The kangaroo is a symbol of Australia, appears on the Australian coat of arms and on some of its currency, and is used as a logo for some of Australia's most well-known organisations, such as Qantas, and as the roundel of the Royal Australian Air Force. The kangaroo is important to both Australian culture and the national image, and consequently there are numerous popular culture references.
Wild kangaroos are shot for meat, leather hides, and to protect grazing land. Kangaroo meat has perceived health benefits for human consumption compared with traditional meats due to the low level of fat on kangaroos.
The arrondissement of Colmar-Ribeauvillé is an arrondissement of France in the Haut-Rhin department in the Grand Est region. It has 98 communes. Its population is 211,312 (2017), and its area is 1,247.9 km2 (481.8 sq mi).
Three polls and one formulaic ranking make up the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS (Football Bowl Subdivision) football rankings, in addition to various publications' preseason polls. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship title. That title is bestowed by one or more of four different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason: the AP Poll and the Coaches Poll. About halfway through the season, two additional polls are released, the Harris Interactive Poll and the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) Standings. The Harris Poll and Coaches Poll are factors in the BCS Standings. At the end of the season, the BCS Standings determine who plays in the BCS bowl games as well as the BCS National Championship Game.
The Sharpshooter Turret was developed by BAE Systems (FMC and later United Defense) in 1980. In  1995–1997 it was updated for production by BAE Systems and FNSS Defence Systems. The turret is a one-man stabilized turret and can be equipped with one of three configurations: dual weapon system incorporating a rapid firing M242 Bushmaster 25 mm cannon, or 40 mm grenade launcher, or 12.7 mm machine gun, along with a coaxially mounted 7.62 mm machine gun. These weapons are mechanically linked to a gunner’s day/night sighting system incorporating a Thermal Imager and Laser Rangefinder.
The turret is fitted with an all-electrical drive system, which incorporates a 2 axis stabilization for Firing on the Move.
The Sharpshooter’s main armament has two primary functions: defeat lightly armored threat vehicles and provide responsive fire support. Fire support not only aids dismounted infantry, but also allows pockets of enemy resistance to be suppressed quickly, permitting the infantry to remain mounted and the momentum of mechanized operations to be sustained. It is also very effective in urban operations where single shot precision firing is required to engage targets in upper floors of buildings.
Hoshiyar Qadin (Arabic: خوشيار قادین, Turkish: Hoşyar Kadın; died 21 June 1886) was a consort to Ibrahim Pasha and was Walida Pasha to their son Isma'il Pasha.
George Porter (1786-1872) was a mariner and early pioneer of South Australia.
"The Ear of Corn" (German: Die Kornähre) is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm, number 194. It is Aarne-Thompson type 779, Divine Rewards and Punishments.
The following is a list of programs broadcast by the U.S cable and satellite network Spike and its predecessors, The National Network and The Nashville Network. The Spike branding was in-use from August 2003 until January 2018, when the network was relaunched as Paramount Network.
James Stanfield is an American professor and film producer. He is an Academy Award for Technical Achievement winner in 1979 and trademarked the term Video Modeling in 1999. He is also the founder of James Stanfield Publishing.
John William Wallace (born 1 April 1962 in Burlington, Ontario) is a retired rower from Canada. He competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1988.
At his second appearance, he was a member of the team that won the gold medal in the Men's Eights. He was once married to fellow rower Silken Laumann, and he is brother-in-law to Daniele Laumann.
Barrington Chester Williams (born 11 September 1955) is a male retired English sprinter and long jumper.
The Fortified Sector of the Sarre (Secteur Fortifié de la Sarre) was the French military organization that in 1940 controlled the section of the Maginot Line on either side of the Sarre river. The sector's defenses relied primarily on a system of inundations that could be created by fortified dikes and regulating weirs, backed by blockhouses. Weakly defended compared with other sections of the Maginot Line, the sector received a measure of attention and funding from the mid-1930s when the formerly demilitarized Saarland was reintegrated into Germany. However, with a single petit ouvrage it remained a weak point in the Line. In 1940 the Sarre sector was attacked by German forces in the Battle of France.  The inundations were only partly successful, and German forces were able to pierce the Maginot Line at the Sarre, allowing German divisions to move behind the main French line.
Alexander Nikolayevich Sokurov, PAR (Russian: Алекса́ндр Никола́евич Соку́ров; born 14 June 1951) is a Russian filmmaker. His most significant works include a feature film, Russian Ark (2002), filmed in a single unedited shot, and Faust (2011), which was honoured with the Golden Lion, the highest prize for the best film at the Venice Film Festival.
The Day of the Shining Star (Korean: 광명성절; MR: Kwangmyŏngsŏng-jŏl) is a public holiday in North Korea falling on 16 February, the anniversary of the birth of the country's second leader, Kim Jong-il. Along with the Day of the Sun, the birthday of his father Kim Il-sung, it is the most important public holiday in the country.Kim Jong-il was born in 1941 (Juche 30) in the Soviet Union, although North Korean propaganda says the date is 16 February 1942 (Juche 31) and places the birth at the Mount Paektu area in Korea. His birthday became an official holiday in 1982 when he began his work in the Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea. He celebrated his birthdays privately. In 2012, the year following his death, the holiday was renamed the Day of the Shining Star.
The most lavish observances take place in the capital Pyongyang and include mass gymnastics, music performances, fireworks displays, military demonstrations, and mass dancing parties. The North Korean people receive more food rations and electricity than usual on the Day of the Shining Star.
Saikano is a Japanese animated television series that aired on Family Gekijou channel from July 2 – September 24, 2002.
Jay Shields (born 6 January 1985, in Edinburgh) is a Scottish association football player, currently playing with junior side Bo'ness United.
Shields has played for Hibernian, Greenock Morton, Cowdenbeath and Arbroath, with loan spells at Berwick Rangers and Dundee.
Farahabad (English: "abode of joy") was a palace and city built by Shah Abbas I in Mazandaran, Iran. It was built on a site formerly known as Tahan and linked to the town of Sari, 17 miles (27 km) away, by a stone causeway. The shah used the city as his winter capital, and he died there in 1629.
Shah Abbas was fond of the province of Mazandaran, the birthplace of his mother Khayr al-Nisa Begum. Work began on the palace in 1611–12. Situated on top of a hill with a view of the sea and the Elburz Mountains, it was decorated with murals by Reza Abbasi and goldwork by a German craftsman, and surrounded by gardens in the Persian style.
The city grew around the palace. In 1618, the Italian traveller Pietro della Valle visited Farahabad and compared the length of the walls to that of Rome or Constantinople. The population was made up of peoples resettled from other regions of Abbas' empire. According to della Valle (who had spoken to the shah himself) they included 40,000 Armenian families, 12,000 Georgian families, 7,000 Jewish families and 25,000 Muslim families from the Caucasus. The Jewish merchants were given privileges similar to the Armenians in New Julfa, Isfahan. Abbas hoped they would help promote Iranian commerce, especially the silk and wine trades.
Abbas' successors neglected Farahabad. The climate in the summer was unhealthy and malarial. A large numbers of the immigrant residents died of epidemics, particularly malaria. Many Armenians and Georgians abandoned the city and returned to their native lands. In 1668 the Russian rebel cossacks led by Stepan Razin sacked Farahabad. Today little remains of the town. The main remains today are the restored main mosque, built to a similar ground plan like the Masjed-e Shah in Isfahan, the ruins of the royal palace and parts of a bridge over the Tajandrud river which belonged to the royal road connecting Isfahan with the palaces of the Caspian region.Farahabad was also the name of a palace and gardens built by Shah Sultan Husayn near Isfahan.
Klaudia Kovacs is a Hungarian film and theater director, known for her documentary Torn from the Flag.
The Dârjiu fortified church (Romanian: Biserica fortificată din Dârjiu; Hungarian: Székelyderzsi erődtemplom) is a Unitarian fortified church in Dârjiu (Székelyderzs), Harghita County, in the Transylvania region of Romania. It was built by the Székely Hungarian community at a time when the area belonged to the Kingdom of Hungary. Initially Roman Catholic, it became Unitarian following the Reformation. The church is noted for its interior frescoes, and together with the surrounding village, forms part of the villages with fortified churches in Transylvania UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Herbetswil is a municipality in the district of Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Edward Bellamy (March 26, 1850 – May 22, 1898) was an American author, journalist, and political activist most famous for his utopian novel Looking Backward. Bellamy's vision of a harmonious future world inspired the formation of numerous "Nationalist Clubs" dedicated to the propagation of Bellamy's political ideas.
After working as a journalist and writing several unremarkable novels, Bellamy published Looking Backward in 1888. Looking Backward was one of the most commercially successful books published in the United States in the 19th century, and it especially appealed to a generation of intellectuals alienated from the alleged dark side of the Gilded Age. In the early 1890s, Bellamy established a newspaper known as The New Nation and began to promote united action between the various Nationalist Clubs and the emerging Populist Party. He published Equality, a sequel to Looking Backward, in 1897, and died the following year.
JChemPaint is computer software, a molecule editor and file viewer for chemical structures using 2D computer graphics.
It is free and open-source software, released under a GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL). It is written in Java and so can run on the operating systems Windows, macOS, Linux, and Unix. There is a standalone application (editor), and two varieties of applet (editor and viewer) that can be integrated into web pages.
JChemPaint was initiated by Christoph Steinbeck and is currently being developed as part of The Chemistry Development Kit (CDK), and a Standard Widget Toolkit (SWT) based JChemPaint application is being developed, as part of Bioclipse.
Mark Wynne Thomas (born 30 January 1977) is an English cricketer. Thomas is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm fast-medium. He was born in Norwich, Norfolk.
Thomas made his debut for Norfolk in the 1996 Minor Counties Championship against Cumberland. Thomas played Minor counties cricket for Norfolk infrequently from 1996 to 2008, which included 35 Minor Counties Championship matches and 21 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. In 2001, he appeared in 3 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches for Cambridgeshire. He made his List A debut for Norfolk against Hampshire in the 1996 NatWest Trophy. He made 3 further List A appearances for the county, the last coming against the Surrey Cricket Board in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. In his 4 List A matches, he scored 35 runs at an average of 8.75, with a high score of 26. As a bowler, Thomas bowled 38.1 overs for the cost of 182 runs, and claiming just the one wicket.His father, Peter and uncle, David, both played for Norfolk.
The Ujjaini Express is a bi-weekly train service, connecting Ujjain Junction railway station of Ujjain, the Hindu mythological and historical city in the Central Indian state Madhya Pradesh with Dehradun, the capital of Uttarakhand.
The number provided for this train is 14309 From Ujjain to Dehradun and 14310 From Dehradun to Ujjain. This service is the only express train service originating from Ujjain Junction. The train runs on bi-weekly basis sharing rakes of Indore - Dehradun Express. It additionally consist of 2 more sleeper coaches to maintain reservation quota for Ujjain People as this train is the only connection of holy city Ujjaini with other holy city Haridwar.
Zsolt Haraszti (born 4 November 1991) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Paks
"No Man's Land" is a song written by Steve Seskin and John Scott Sherrill, and recorded by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery.  It was released in August 1995 as the third single from the album John Michael Montgomery.  The song reached number 3 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
The Lieutenant-General of the Ordnance  was a member of the British Board of Ordnance and the deputy of the Master-General of the Ordnance. The office was established in 1545, and the holder was appointed by the crown under letters patent. It was abolished in 1855 when the Board of Ordnance was subsumed into the War Office.
Okechukwu Oku also known as The Oracle is a Nigerian movie producer, director, cinematographer and occasional musician. He is best known for directing the movies Love and Oil (2014), Burning Bridges (2014) and Bambitious (2014) which featured Belinda Effah and Daniel K Daniel.
Littauer and Litauer are German language surnames. The word  means "a Lithuanian". The surnames may refer to:
Lunn-Musser Octagon Barn is a historic barn located near Garrattsville in Otsego County, New York. Built in 1885, it is a two-story, octagonal wood frame and stone structure with a hipped roof and an octagonal cupola. It measures 60 feet in diameter.: 3  and meets the definition of a round barn.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
HMS Vesuve was the French brick-cannonière Vésuve, name vessel of her class of seven bricks-cannonière. She was launched at Saint-Malo in 1793. The British Royal Navy captured her in 1795 and took her into service as HMS Vesuve. The Navy sold her in 1802.
Dave Sale is an American singer-songwriter, story teller, and film maker who achieved notability as Camus with his now classic "sins of the Father", a release on Atlantic Records. The album includes the song Ouch which was featured on the Baywatch episode "Out of the Blue" alongside Cyndi Lauper. In this project he had the opportunity to collaborate with Producers David Kahne and Kevin Killin. Sale is a direct descendant of the last Dutch governor of New Amsterdam, Peter Stuyvesant.
Sly 2: Band of Thieves is a platform stealth video game developed by Sucker Punch Productions and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was released in 2004 for PlayStation 2. It is the sequel to the game Sly Cooper and the Thievius Raccoonus and part of the Sly Cooper video game series. The game received critical acclaim and is often considered to be one of the greatest PlayStation 2 games of all time.Sly 2: Band of Thieves has a variety of changes, particularly in level design. The ultimate goal is to acquire Clockwerk parts, one or more of which can be found per world. Sly 2 features a health meter for characters such as Sly, Bentley and Murray, replacing the "charm system" of the first game. It also takes several attacks to defeat guards. Other changes include missions where the player controls Bentley or Murray, who have their own unique skills and are able to do much more than in the previous game. However, Sly remains the main character despite these changes to character roles. Skills can be unlocked by opening safes in each world, as the previous game allowed (collecting clue bottles), but skills may also be acquired by collecting coins and purchasing them from safehouses via Thiefnet.
Pentti Malakias Antila (28 September 1926, in Lavia – 20 August 1997) was a Finnish agronomist, farmer and politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Finland, representing the Finnish Rural Party (SMP) from 1970 to 1972 and the Finnish People's Unity Party (SKYP) from 1972 to 1975.
Inger Sandlie (born 8 June 1953) is a Norwegian molecular biologist.
She took her dr.philos. degree in biochemistry at the University of Bergen, and was a post-doctoral fellow at the Johns Hopkins University. She was hired at the University of Oslo in 1988, and is now a professor at the Section for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. She is a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.She resides at Røa.
One Life (French: Une vie) is a 1958 French drama film directed by Alexandre Astruc, starring Maria Schell and Christian Marquand. It is also known as End of Desire in the United States. It is set in the 19th century and tells the story of the unhappy marriage between an idealistic woman of aristocratic background and a cynical man. The film is based on the novel Une Vie by Guy de Maupassant. It was shown in competition at the 19th Venice International Film Festival. It had 2,315,098 admissions in France.The song "Une Vie", written by Roman Vlad and Marc Lanjean, was released as a single by Maria Schell in 1958, and covered by Eddie Barclay's big band in 1959.
The mountains classification in the Vuelta a España is a secondary classification in the Vuelta a España. For this classification, points are given to the cyclists who cross the mountain peaks first. The classification was established in 1935, when it was won by Italian Edoardo Molinar, and until 2005 the leader in the mountain classification wore a green jersey. In 2006, it became an orange jersey, and in 2010 it became white with blue dots.
Spaniard José Luis Laguía has won this classification a record five times, including three consecutive. Other cyclists who have won this ranking for three consecutive times were Antonio Karmany, Julio Jiménez, José María Jiménez, all Spaniards. Overall, the Spaniards have dominated this classification by 47 out of 68 times.
In 2010, David Moncoutié considered retirement, but remained a professional cyclist to try to win his third consecutive mountains classification. In 2011, he became the first rider ever to win this award in four consecutive years.
The São Nicolau Super Cup is a regional super cup competition played during the season in São Nicolau Island, Cape Verde. The super cup competition is organized by the São Nicolau Regional Football Association (Associação Regional de São Nicolau de Futebol, ARSNF).  Its current champions is Ultramarina Tarrafal  which now possess the most titles numbering six.
The regional champion competes with the cup champion. If a champion also has a cup title, a cup club who is runner-up qualifies.
The 2018 Super Cup will feature the champion Belo Horizonte from Juncalinho and the cup winner Ultramarina Tarrafal.
Camilo Ignacio Peña Díaz (born 5 June 1992), is a Chilean footballer  who plays as Midfielder for Trasandino in Chile's Primera División.
Hipólito Ramos Martínez (born January 30, 1956) is a retired boxer from Cuba, who won the silver medal in the Light Flyweight division (-48 kg) at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. In the final he lost to Shamil Sabirov of the Soviet Union on points (2-3).
Hassan Ahmed El-Shazly (Egyptian Arabic: حسن الشاذلي, Hassan El Shazly) (13 November 1943 – 20 April 2015) was an Egyptian footballer. El-Shazly is considered as a historic player of Tersana. He was described as a "devastating shooter" and "lethal with both feet".
Prof George Hector Percival FRSE FRCPE (1902–1983) was a British dermatologist, academic author and president of the British Association of Dermatologists.
Piping Lane (foaled 1966, died 1992) was a brown Australian Thoroughbred racehorse gelding by Lanesborough out of the mare Londonderry Air by Piping Time.  Piping Lane came to prominence by winning the 1972 Melbourne Cup over 3,200 metres at odds of 40/1.
Piping Lane was owned by R.E. Prevost of Epping Forest, Tasmania and his racing had been confined to Tasmania, where he had won $12,638, prior to April 1972. He was then purchased for $6,000 by Ray W. Trinder, then 69, and a licensed amateur jockey and also an owner-trainer. Trinder had purchased the horse with the specific aim of winning the Melbourne Cup. Piping Lane was sent to be trained by George Hanlon of Melbourne. He was allotted 48 kg in the cup and with many top jockeys unable to ride at this weight John Letts of Adelaide South Australia was given the ride. John Letts had not ridden on the Flemington course before and had stated "We're only here to make up the numbers" regarding his chances of winning. Thus Piping Lane became only the third Tasmanian bred horse to win the Melbourne Cup after Malua and Sheet Anchor. The very good racehorse Gunsynd ran third.
Piping Lane's other significant wins included the 1972 C B Cox Stakes and the 1972 Hobart Cup.
Six referendums were held in Switzerland during 2010; three in March on pension funds, animal protection and a constitutional amendment, one in September on unemployment benefits, and two in November on deporting foreign criminals and introducing a canton tax.
The Page from the Dalmasse Hotel (German: Der Page vom Dalmasse Hotel) is a 1933 German comedy film directed by Victor Janson and starring Dolly Haas, Harry Liedtke and Hans Junkermann. The art direction was by Fritz Maurischat and Hans Minzloff. The film is based on the novel of the same title by Maria von Peteani. It was later adapted into a 1958 Austrian film.
"Broke" is the twenty-fifth episode of the fifth season of the television series The Office, and the 97th overall episode of the series. It originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 23, 2009. In this episode, Michael learns his paper company is broke, and tries to keep this fact a secret when Dunder Mifflin offers to buy out the Michael Scott Paper Company since the company has stolen most of Dunder Mifflin Scranton's core clients.
The episode was written by Charlie Grandy and directed by Steve Carell, marking his directorial debut. "Broke" was the last of a six-episode arc involving Michael quitting to start the Michael Scott Paper Company; it was also the last of six episodes to prominently feature Idris Elba as Dunder Mifflin V.P. Charles Miner. According to Nielsen ratings, it was watched by 7.21 million viewers, and received the season's lowest rating in the 18–49 age group during its regular timeslot to that point in the season.
African Americans have been violently expelled from at least 50 towns, cities and counties in the United States. The majority of these expulsions occurred in the 60 years following the Civil War but continued to occur until 1954. The reasons for the expulsions were various and often involved a crime allegedly committed by an African American or a labor-related issue or just being black.
The expression 'Eastern European Jewry' has two meanings. The first meaning refers to the current political spheres of the Eastern European countries and the second refers to the Jewish communities in Russia and Poland. The phrase 'Eastern European Jews' or 'Jews of the East' (from German: Ostjuden) was established during the 19th century in the German Empire and in the western provinces of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, aiming to distinguish the integrating Jews in Central Europe from those in the East. This feature deals with the second meaning of the concept of Eastern European Jewry- the Jewish groups that lived in Poland, Ukraine, Belarus, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Russia, Romania, Hungary and modern Moldova in collective settlement (from Hebrew: Kibbutz- קיבוץ). Many of whom spoke Yiddish.
At the beginning of the 20th century, over 6 million Jews lived in Eastern Europe. They were organized in large and small communities, living in big cities such as Warsaw (with a population of about 300,000 Jews) and in small towns with only tens or hundreds of Jews.
The Geelong Botanic Gardens is a botanical garden in the city of Geelong, Victoria, Australia. The gardens are located within Eastern Park on the eastern outskirts of the central business district. They were established in 1851 and are the fourth oldest botanic garden in Australia.
Daniel Webster Flagler (June 20, 1835 – March 29, 1899) was a United States Army Brigadier General. He was prominent as the Army's 9th Chief of Ordnance for the U.S. Army Ordnance Corps.
Combeinteignhead or Combe-in-Teignhead is a village in Teignbridge, South Devon, England. It lies within the civil parish of Haccombe with Combe, between Newton Abbot and Shaldon, about half a mile (1 km) inland from the estuary of the River Teign.
Despite this closeness to the river, the name Combeinteignhead is not derived from it: in the Domesday Book the district contained thirteen manors which totalled an area of ten hides and the whole area was known as the "Ten Hide". This was later corrupted to Teignhead through the influence of the river name. The name of the nearby village of Stokeinteignhead has a similar derivation.The village has two historic pubs: the Wild Goose Inn, originally called the Country House Inn, a 17th-century tavern in the centre of the village, and the Coombe Cellars Inn, right on the estuary of the River Teign. Coombe Cellars was an early base for the local fishing industry and was also used by smugglers.The village church (dedicated to All Saints) has ancient origins: Bishop Bronescombe dedicated two altars here in 1259, and the high altar was dedicated in 1339. The present building dates from the 14th and 15th centuries; it was restored in the 1880s, but retains its 12th century font. Henry de Bracton was rector here for a short time in the 13th century. The pews have fascinating carved bench ends dating from Elizabethan times. These include many well known and obscure saints as well as wild men, animals, St George in armour spearing a dog-like dragon, and some depictions that are difficult to identify. They may be the finest wood carvings in Devon.The nearby almshouses built of red sandstone were founded in 1620 by William Bourchin.Combeinteignhead was designated as a conservation area in December 2000.
Kelvin Mateus de Oliveira (born 1 June 1993), known simply as Kelvin, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right winger for Always Ready. 
He played for five of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A's Big Twelve, as well as three other clubs in Série B. Abroad, he represented Porto, where he contributed to a Primeira Liga title in 2013.
Unemployment Indemnity (Shipwreck) Convention, 1920 is  an International Labour Organization Convention.
Having decided upon the adoption of certain proposals with regard to the "supervision of articles of agreement; provision of facilities for finding employment for seamen; application to seamen of the Convention and Recommendations adopted at Washington in November last in regard to unemployment and unemployment insurance",...
The 2015 Colorado Rockies season was the franchise's 23rd in Major League Baseball. Walt Weiss returned for his third consecutive season as the Manager. It was the 21st season the Rockies played their home games at Coors Field.
Georg Ludwig Friedrich Laves (17 December 1788 – 30 April 1864) was a German architect, civil engineer and urban planner. Born in Uslar, Lower Saxony, he lived and worked primarily in the city of Hanover and also died there. He was appointed Oberhofbaudirektor, "court master builder", in 1852. As the leading architect  of the Kingdom of Hanover for a career spanning 50 years, he had great influence on the urban development of this city. Alongside Karl Friedrich Schinkel in Berlin and Leo von Klenze in Munich, Laves was one of the most accomplished neoclassical style architects of Germany. As an engineer he developed a special iron truss lenticular or "fishbelly" beam bridge construction method, the so-called "Lavesbrücke". Laves found his final resting place in the Engesohde Cemetery (Engesohder Friedhof) in Hanover.
Full reconstruction of the Leineschloss (Leine Palace or Leine Castle), between 1816 and 1844 (severely damaged in World War II and again re-built by Dieter Oesterlen between 1957 and 1962).
Hanover Opera House, home of the Staatsoper Hannover, built between 1845 and 1852 (severely damaged in World War II and re-built in 1948).
Wangenheim palace for Count Georg von Wangenheim, built between 1829 and 1832.
The facade of Herrenhausen Palace (Schloss Herrenhausen) in neoclassical style, about 1820/21 (destroyed in World War II and rebuilt in 2013).
The Palmenhaus ("Palm-house"), a conservatory in the Berggarten built between 1846 and 1849 (destroyed in World War II). The building housed the most extensive and valuable collection of palms in Europe.
The mausoleum for King Ernest Augustus, King of Hanover, and his consort Frederica of Mecklenburg-Strelitz in the garden of the Chapel at Schloss Herrenhausen (the mausoleum today is situated in the Berggarten, part of the Herrenhausen Gardens), built between 1842 and 1847.
Some structures designed or remodeled in the landscape garden around the Derneburg Castle near Hildesheim, owned by Count Ernst zu Münster
Jax Panik is a South African pop, rock and synth-pop musical band from Bellville, Western Cape, South Africa now relocated to Cape Town.
In mathematics — specifically, in integration theory — the Alexiewicz norm is an integral norm associated to the Henstock–Kurzweil integral.  The Alexiewicz norm turns the space of Henstock–Kurzweil integrable functions into a topological vector space that is barrelled but not complete.  The Alexiewicz norm is named after the Polish mathematician Andrzej Alexiewicz, who introduced it in 1948.
Jochem Pieter de Gruijter (born 18 April 1978 in Leidschendam, South Holland) is a male volleyball player from the Netherlands, who was a member of the Dutch national men's team that won the gold medal at the 1997 European Championships on home soil (Eindhoven and Den Bosch).
De Gruijter made his international debut for the Netherlands in 1995 against Italy. He obtained a total number of 120 caps for the national team. Later on he started a career in beach volleyball, partnering Gijs Ronnes.
Båtkvelvet is a mountain in Gustav V Land at Nordaustlandet, Svalbard. It has a height of 343 m.a.s.l. and is located east of the bay Planciusbukta and west of Rijpfjorden. To the north the mountain ends at Kapp Lovén. The eastern side of the mountain falls steeply into the sea.
Artur Alliksaar (15 April 1923, in Tartu – 12 August 1966, in Tartu) was an Estonian poet.
The year 1835 in science and technology involved some significant events, listed below.
Zhusuan (Chinese: 珠算; pinyin: zhūsuàn; literally: "bead calculation") is the knowledge and practices of arithmetic calculation through the suanpan or Chinese abacus. In the year 2013, it has been inscribed on the UNESCO Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity. While deciding on the inscription, the Intergovernmental Committee noted that "Zhusuan is considered by Chinese people as a cultural symbol of their identity as well as a practical tool; transmitted from generation to generation, it is a calculating technique adapted to multiple aspects of daily life, serving multiform socio-cultural functions and offering the world an alternative knowledge system." The movement to get Chinese Zhusuan inscribed in the list was spearheaded by Chinese Abacus and Mental Arithmetic Association.
The Chinese family of scripts are writing systems descended from the Chinese Oracle Bone Script and used for a variety of languages in East Asia. They include logosyllabic systems such as the Chinese script itself (or hanzi, now in two forms, traditional and simplified), and adaptations to other languages, such as Kanji (Japanese), Hanja (Korean), Chữ Hán and Chữ Nôm (Vietnamese) and Sawndip (Zhuang). More divergent are Tangut, Khitan large script, and its offspring Jurchen, as well as the Yi script, which were inspired by Chinese although not directly descended from it. The partially deciphered Khitan small script may be another. In addition, various phonetic scripts descend from Chinese characters, of which the best known are the various kana syllabaries, the zhuyin semi-syllabary, nüshu, and some influence on hangul.The Chinese scripts are written in various calligraphic hands, principally seal script, clerical script, regular script, semi-cursive script, and cursive script. (See Chinese calligraphy and Chinese script styles.) Adaptations range from the conservative, as in Korean, which used Chinese characters in their standard form with only a few local coinages, and relatively conservative Japanese, which has coined a few hundred new characters and used traditional character forms until the mid-20th century, to the extensive adaptations of Zhuang and Vietnamese, each coining over 10,000 new characters by Chinese formation principles, to the highly divergent Tangut script, which formed over 5,000 new characters by its own principles.
The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represents Georgia Tech in the sport of American football. The Yellow Jackets team competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). Georgia Tech has fielded a football team since 1892 and, as of 2020, has an all-time record of 740–518-43 through the 2020 season. The Yellow Jackets play in Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field in Atlanta, which has a capacity of 55,000.
One of the most successful college football programs over a long history, the Yellow Jackets have won four national championships across four different decades (1917, 1928, 1952, 1990) as well as sixteen conference titles.  Among the team's former coaches are John Heisman, for whom the Heisman Trophy is named, and Bobby Dodd, for whom the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award and the school's stadium are named. Heisman led the team to the most lopsided game in football history, 222–0, and both Heisman and Dodd led Tech's football team to national championships. Dodd also led the Jackets on their longest winning streak — 8 straight games — against the University of Georgia in Tech's most time-endured rivalry, called Clean, Old-Fashioned Hate. For his part, Heisman led Georgia Tech to an undefeated 12–0–1 record in the Georgia Tech–Clemson football rivalry and what made it sting even more was that Heisman had previously coached Clemson.
A number of successful collegiate and professional football players have also played for Tech. The program has 48 first-team All-Americans and over 150 alumni who have played in the NFL. Among the most lauded and most notable players the school has produced are Maxie Baughan, Calvin Johnson, Demaryius Thomas, Keith Brooking, Joe Hamilton, Joe Guyon, Pat Swilling and Billy Shaw.
In the 21st century, Georgia Tech has won their Coastal Division and appeared in the ACC Championship Game four times since 2006. In addition to its conference and national championships, legendary coaches, and talented players, Tech's football program has been noted for its many bizarre traditions and improbable game finishes throughout the years. Yellow Jackets also played in the first integrated bowl game in the south.
"Tausend Sterne" is a song written and recorded by the Belgian acid house musician Praga Khan on the album Freakazoids.
BBC Scotland's Hogmanay is BBC Scotland's annual live event programme broadcast on Hogmanay, Scotland's New Year's Eve celebration. Regardless of location, the programme rings in the New Year with the firing of Edinburgh Castle's One O'Clock Gun and the subsequent fireworks and celebrations in Edinburgh.
The programme in all its iterations feature a mixture of Scottish contemporary and folk music, with some past programming also featuring live coverage of parts of the Princes Street concert in Edinburgh. Jackie Bird and Phil Cunningham often hosted together each year but from 2008 until 2019 she solely presented the programme. Cunningham does still appear on the programme, though not as a host.Carol Kirkwood reported on the 2016 edition of the show live from Edinburgh Castle. The show currently is hosted live from The Old Fruitmarket, Glasgow. Until 2013, Bird was live from Edinburgh Castle or Princes Street, but the show's producers decided that it should take place in Glasgow permanently.
In 2019, Hogmanay Live was rebranded to Hogmanay and since then, the programme has been pre-recorded, The current presenters are Edith Bowman and Amy Irons.
Hendrik Bonmann (born 22 January 1994) is a German professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for 3. Liga club Würzburger Kickers.
Beatrice Clugston (19 September 1827 – 5 June 1888) was a British philanthropist in Glasgow.
Super Turrican 2 is a 16-bit shooter game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, developed by Factor 5 and marketed by Ocean Software in 1995. Part of the Turrican series, it is the sequel to Super Turrican for the same platform.
The game was released on the Virtual Console in North America on September 29, 2008. However, it was retired without any explanation on October 2013 in the same region.
The 2016 Ando Securities Open was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 2nd edition of the tournament and part of the 2016 ITF Women's Circuit, offering a total of $100,000 in prize money. It took place in Tokyo, Japan, on 7–13 November 2016.
Ionuț Răzvan Dumitru (born 6 November 1992) is a Romanian rugby union player. He plays mainly as a wing and occasionally as a centre for professional SuperLiga club Steaua and București based European Challenge Cup side the Wolves. Dumitru also plays for Romania's national team the Oaks.
Dyella soli is a Gram-negative, aerobic, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming and motile bacterium from the genus of Dyella with a polar flagellum which has been isolated from forest soil from the Jeju island on Korea.
Tetreuaresta myrtis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Tetreuaresta of the family Tephritidae.
Capraita suturalis is a species of flea beetle in the family Chrysomelidae.
Luis Joaquin Katigbak (26 July 1974 – 20 April 2016) was a Filipino writer and music critic. He was a resident writer for PULP Magazine, a columnist for The Philippine Star, and an associate editor for Esquire Philippines.He was a graduate of the University of the Philippines (UP). From being a mathematics major, he shifted to creative writing.
Katigbak was a recipient of four Palanca Awards, a Philippine Graphic prize, and a Young Artists' Grant from the National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA). His books Happy Endings, a collection of short stories; and The King of Nothing to Do, a collection of essays, were nominated in the National Book Awards by the Manila Critics Circle. His last book, Dear Distance, was released in March 2016.
The Roewe Clever or SAIC Clever (科莱威) is an all-electric car that is manufactured by the Chinese manufacturer SAIC Motor.
The Double Concerto by German composer Hans Werner Henze is a double concerto for oboe and harp, better known by its original Italian title Doppio concerto. It was completed and first performed in Zurich in 1966, and published by Schott.
The Princes Gardens is an urban park in the town of Aldershot in Hampshire. A short walk from the town centre on a site bordered by the town's High Street, Wellington Avenue and Princes Way (formerly Barrack Road) and opposite the Princes Hall theatre, it has been a public park since 1930. Today the park is managed by Rushmoor Borough Council.
Lorenzo Amurri (1971 – 12 July 2016) was an Italian writer and musician. He turned to writing after a skiing accident that left him a quadriplegic. His short stories  appear in a collection titled Amore Caro. His first novel Apnea won the 2015 EU Prize for Literature.As a musician, Amurri worked with Italian artists such as Tiromancino and Franco Califano.
The Paleo-Corsican language is an extinct language (or perhaps set of languages) spoken in Corsica and presumably in the northeastern part of Sardinia (corresponding to today's historical region of Gallura) by the ancient Corsi populations during the Bronze and Iron Ages. The scanty evidence of the language, which comes mainly from toponymy, would indicate a type of Pre-Indo-European language or, according to others, Indo-European, with Ligurian and Iberian affinity.Antoine Peretti, claiming the presence of different linguistic areas, ranks as Ligurian some suffixes appearing in Corsican place names, like -asco, -elo/-ello, -ate/-ati and -inco.
Situated in the north-east of North Macedonia Cocev Kamen (Macedonian: Цоцев Камен) is a hilltop cave site of volcanic origin near the town of Kratovo. Objects (bone fossils) discovered near the cave suggest human presence since the Paleolithic. Authors agree that the site served as a gathering point for sacrificial rituals from the Neolithic, during the Bronze Age, throughout antiquity until the Middle Ages as clarified by an abundance of pottery shards, stone (flint) tools and bone fragments unearthed from the surrounding areas. Several caves and rock shelters are decorated with red figurative art work. Comparison with similar sites in Bulgaria and Italy suggests that the paintings are indeed prehistoric.Debated remains the notion that Cocev Kamen has also been used as an (astronomical) observatory. "There are visible interventions on the stone surface everywhere, in the form of stairs, pools, thrones, and one big cave was completely rearranged, with a large part of its wall ripped off to make a fenced platform looking at the nearby hill, which contains big natural stones..." These alterations served ceremonial purposes during offerings to fertility deities.
Irene González López (born 23 July 1996) is a Spanish water polo player who won the silver medal with the women's national water polo team at the 2020 Summer Olympics celebrated in Tokyo, Japan.
Glanyrafon railway station (formerly Glanrafon) is a railway station serving Glanyrafon in Ceredigion in Mid-Wales. It is a request stop on the preserved Vale of Rheidol Railway. It is 2 miles 26 chains (3.74 km) from Aberystwyth and has no surviving station buildings or platforms, passengers are required to step down from the train to the grass below.In 2012, an RETB signalling mast, which was part of the Cambrian Line infrastructure, was removed from the station by contractors working for Network Rail, having been in place since the 1980s.
Rosanne Siino is the retired former Vice President of Communications for Netscape (Communications Corporation). Siino is responsible for crafting the 1990s message that "the web is for everyone", as well as making the pivotal decision to turn Marc Andreessen in to a "rock star," and creating the publicity strategy which landed Andreessen, barefoot, on the cover of Time Magazine. She spent 16 years in corporate communications, 13 of which were in high-tech public relations. Siino retired from Netscape after the 1998 acquisition by AOL and returned to graduate school. Since retiring, she has consulted for numerous high-tech and Internet companies, such as AOL, Google, Shutterfly, Qualcomm, and PlanetOut. Siino is also known for her philanthropy and interest in developing nations. As of 2009, Siino teaches and conducts research for the Management Science and Engineering Department at Stanford University. Her research focus is in the socio-emotional effects of digital technologies on how people work and interact." Her past research topics specifically include work-role enactment over geographic distance, and interaction rituals on distributed management teams.
Nancy Shade (born May 31, 1946, in Rockford, Illinois) is an American spinto soprano, best known as a singing-actress.  She made her formal debut as Leonora in Il trovatore, in Louisville, in 1967.  In 1971, she made her first of many appearances at the New York City Opera, as Musetta in La bohème.  She also sang there in Mefistofele (directed by Tito Capobianco), Madama Butterfly (opposite José Carreras), Pagliacci, Susannah, and Die tote Stadt (in Frank Corsaro's production).
In 1973, Shade sang the title role of Manon Lescaut (opposite Harry Theyard) at the Spoleto Festival, under the direction of Luchino Visconti conducted by Thomas Schippers.  The following year, she sang in a Concert Version of Mefistofele at London's Royal Festival Hall, opposite Norman Treigle in the name part. In 1976 she created the role of Barbara in the world premiere of Gian Carlo Menotti's The Hero (conducted by Christopher Keene) with the Opera Company of Philadelphia. That same year she made her Covent Garden debut as Giorgetta in Il tabarro, and in 1979, performed the eponymous role of Lulu at the Santa Fe Opera, which was the American premiere of the completed, three-act version of the masterpiece.  Also in Santa Fe, she appeared in La traviata (1976), Salome (1976), Erwartung (1980) and We Come to the River (1984).
For the New Orleans Opera Association, she sang in Manon Lescaut (1974), a double-bill of Il tabarro and Pagliacci (1976), as well as La bohème (as Mimì, 1978).  At the San Francisco Opera, in 1976, the soprano appeared in the world premiere of Andrew Imbrie's Angle of Repose (with Chester Ludgin and Susanne Marsee), and returned the following year for Marguerite in Faust under the direction of Jean Périsson.  She also was seen at the San Diego Opera, in Mefistofele (conducted by Werner Torkanowsky, 1973), La traviata (1977) and Falstaff (1978).  The soprano was also heard in the United States premiere of Lowell Liebermann's The Picture of Dorian Gray, at the Florentine Opera, in 1999, which was broadcast over NPR.
In 1986, she sang Zoe in the world premiere of Hans Zender's Stephen Climax at the Oper Frankfurt.
One of Shade's greatest successes was as Marie in Zimmermann's fiercely difficult Die Soldaten, which was recorded (with Bernhard Kontarsky conducting, 1988–89) and filmed (in Harry Kupfer's production, 1989).  She sang the work at the Vienna Staatsoper in 1990, which was preceded by Salome.  In a different vein, she was in the first complete recording of the musical comedy The Most Happy Fella (as Marie), alongside Louis Quilico, which was published in 2000.  In the same year, the soprano was also acclaimed for her performance as the Woman in Erwartung, at the Prague State Opera.
Anne-Lise Parisien (born October 22, 1972, in Lewiston, Maine) is a former American alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
GURPS High-Tech is a sourcebook published by Steve Jackson Games (SJG) in 1988 for GURPS (Generic Universal Role-Playing System).
All Saints Church is in the small village of Weston-on-Avon, Warwickshire, England.  The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.  It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Gloucester, the archdeaconry of Cheltenham and the deanery of Campden.  Its benefice is combined with those of St Swithin's, Quinton and St Peter's, Welford.
This is a list of notable documentary filmmakers from India arranged in alphabetical order.
Cabut Cove is the 1.08 km wide cove indenting for 1 km the northwest coast of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and entered between Markeli Point and Jireček Point.  Part of its coast is formed by the terminus of Yablanitsa Glacier.  The feature's name is given by Argentina.
"If I Never See Midnight Again" is a song recorded by American country music duo Sweethearts of the Rodeo.  It was released in April 1989 as the fourth single from the album One Time, One Night.  The song reached #39 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.  The song was written by Craig Bickhardt and Don Schlitz.
Juan Camilo Becerra Maya (born 23 February 1998) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Gimnàstic de Tarragona, on loan from RCD Espanyol.
Col. Elias Earle Historic District is a national historic district located at Greenville, South Carolina. It encompasses 74 contributing buildings in a middle-class neighborhood of Greenville.  The houses primarily date from about 1915 to 1930, and include Neoclassical, Colonial Revival, Tudor Revival, and bungalow styles.  The district was originally part of the estate of Colonel Elias Earle, a prominent early-19th century Greenville citizen. The Earle St.
Baptist Church is located in the district.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The Media Luna (lit. 'half-moon') or Media Luna Ampliada (lit. 'extended half-moon') refers to a group of four departments – Santa Cruz, Beni, Pando, and Tarija – in Bolivia which are home to a greater proportion of opponents to the national government led by Evo Morales and the Movement for Socialism (MAS) than the rest of the country. Pando has seen increasing support for MAS since 2009, while Tarija was initially supportive but has opposed MAS in every election after 2014. All of the departments in the Media Luna are made up of the remaining 26 groups of lowland indigenous with white minorities specifically in Santa Cruz de la Sierra.
Jonas Devouassoux (born 23 October 1989) is a French freestyle skier. He was born in Chamonix. He competed in ski cross at the World Ski Championships 2011, and at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, in ski-cross.
Sheikh Faisal bin Sultan Al Qassimi (Arabic: الشيخ  فيصل بن سلطان  بن سالم القاسمي) is a member of the royal house of Al Qasimi who rule the Emirates of Sharjah and Ras Al Khaimah. He was the first Under Secretary of the Ministry of Defence and Chief of staff in Abu Dhabi. Today, Sheikh Faisal is a chairman of the board of directors of a number of private companies including Faisal Holding LLC, GIBCA, Grand Stores,  Hospitality Management Holdings LLC, and United Arab Bank. He has several companies and affiliates in key industrial sectors such as real estate, hospitality, tourism, trading, marketing, energy and resources, security printing and private equity.
Lowry's Artillery, also known as the Centerville Rifles,  was a unit of the Confederate States Army, and was organized by Dr. William M. Lowry in Monroe County, Virginia, with approximately 100 men. They were officially mustered into Confederate service on June 8, 1861. Dr. Lowry was elected captain, with George Beirne Chapman as 1st Lt., William V. Young as 2nd Lt., Charles Dunlap as 3rd Lt., John H. Pence as orderly sergeant, A.J. Keadle, 1st. Sgt., J.P. Shanklin, 2nd Sgt., and J.C. Woodson, 3rd Sgt. By the end of the war the unit had enrolled 219 men.In July 1861 they became part of the brigade formed by Brig. Gen. Henry A. Wise in the Kanawha Valley, and were assigned to Maj. Wade Gibbes' artillery battalion. They participated in the western campaign of Robert E. Lee at Sewell and Cheat Mountain. In October they were transferred from Wise's command to that of Brig. Gen. John B. Floyd.
In December the battery was ordered to Richmond and became part of Wise's Legion, which was sent to the North Carolina coast, but they were then sent to Great Bridge, Va., after Union forces landed at Roanoke Island.
In April 1862 the battery returned to southwest Virginia. George Beirne Chapman resigned in order to form a new artillery battery of his own. Lowry's Battery was assigned to Henry Heth's Army of New River, which included Otey's, Chapman's and part of Bryan's Battery. They fought at Giles Court House on May 10, 1862, and at Lewisburg on May 23, where they lost their artillery pieces.
William W. Loring succeeded Heth as commander in mid-1862. The battery participated in the Kanawha Valley campaign in September. By the summer of 1863 they were serving under Brig. Gen. John Echols in Saltville, Va. In the fall of 1863 they were assigned to Col. Giltner's cavalry brigade and sent to east Tennessee, where they fought in several skirmishes.
They returned to central Virginia in June 1864, where they became part of Maj. McLaughlin's artillery battalion, along with Chapman's, Bryan's and Jackson's batteries. They received six new 12-pound smoothbore Napoleon cannon and for the rest of 1864 fought in the Shenandoah Valley in many skirmishes and seven major battles. The lack of ammunition limited their effectiveness at Winchester, Fisher's Hill and Cedar Creek.
In January 1865 they left their guns at Charlottesville, Va., due to a lack of forage for their horses, and went by rail to winter quarters in Dublin.
On their march to Salem on April 11, 1865, they learned of Lee's surrender and on the advice of Gen. Echols the unit disbanded. The battery suffered 24 casualties; 3 killed in action, 3 dead from disease, 6 wounded and 12 captured. It was the practice of Dr. Lowry to place his disabled men in private homes or send them home rather than to a hospital, so casualties were low.
Bobby Williamson (6 December 1933 – 22 August 1990) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Stenhousemuir, Arbroath, St Mirren, Barnsley, Leeds United, Rochdale and Chorley.
Diogo de Oliveira Barbosa (born 4 December 1996), known as Diogo, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Liga MX club UNAM, on loan from Plaza Colonia.
Fiescheralp (also known as Kühboden, literally "cows' floor") is a locality in the canton of Valais, Switzerland, situated above Fiesch at an elevation of 2,212 metres (7,257 ft) above sea level. It is the highest of the three car-free resorts lying on the southern slopes of the Eggishorn range, the two other being Riederalp and Bettmeralp to the west. Fiescheralp itself lies on a small plateau, approximately 200 metres above the tree line. Administratively, it belongs to the municipality of Fiesch, the border with the municipality of Lax running just west of the resort.
Like the two other car-free resorts, Fiescheralp can be reached by an aerial tramway. The valley station is located in Fiesch at 1,061 metres (3,481 ft). From Fiescheralp another aerial tramway leads to the Eggishorn station at 2,869 metres (9,413 ft), which lies on the Fiescherhorli summit, near the Eggishorn.
In winter Fiescheralp is part of the ski area named Aletsch Arena.
Cameleon is a 1997 British drama film directed by Ceri Sherlock. The film was selected as the British entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 71st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The Hotel d'Hane-Steenhuyse is an 18th-century city palace in the Belgian city of Ghent. It is located in the Veldstraat. It was a possession of the D'Hane de Steenhuyse family for a while.
Entrainment is the transport of fluid across an interface between two bodies of fluid by a shear-induced turbulent flux. Entrainment is important in turbulent jets, plumes, and gravity currents and is a topic of current research.
Kalec Castle (Slovene: Grad Kalec, originally Kalc or Kauc) is a partially ruined castle in Bač in Slovenia.
The castle, of which only a single tower and some sections of wall survive intact, stands on a slope known as Breg, near the source of the Pivka River, at an elevation of 618 m.
Illustrated in Valvasor's 1689 Glory of the Duchy of Carniola, it was built in the mid-17th century by the noble house of Steinberg. Its later owners included the Auersperg family and the Slovene composer Miroslav Vilhar, who also died in it. The castle was abandoned by its last residents after World War I, and began falling apart.
In 1941 it hosted a meeting of the antifascist militant group TIGR.
Today the Krpan Hiking Trail passes beside the ruins, which are surrounded by a copse of old linden trees. The path to the castle is bordered by a row of chestnut trees.
The terms Anthropopithecus (Blainville, 1839) and Pithecanthropus (Haeckel, 1868) are obsolete taxa describing either chimpanzees or archaic humans. Both are derived from Greek  ἄνθρωπος (anthropos, "man") and πίθηκος (píthēkos, "ape" or "monkey"), translating to "man-ape" and "ape-man", respectively.
Anthropopithecus was originally coined to describe the chimpanzee and is now a junior synonym of Pan. It had been also used to describe several other extant and extinct species, among others the fossil Java Man. Very quickly, the latter was re-assigned to Pithecanthropus, originally coined to refer to a theoretical "missing link". Pithecanthropus is now classed as Homo erectus, thus a junior synonym of Homo.
Jon Welsh (born 13 October 1986) is a Scotland international rugby union player most recently with Newcastle Falcons.  Welsh was previously at Glasgow Warriors. Welsh is a former Junior boxing champion, in the end choosing to play rugby professionally.
J. Van de Wynckélé was a French golfer. He competed in the men's individual event at the 1900 Summer Olympics.
Álvaro Rafael González Luengo (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈalβaɾo rafaˈel ɣonˈsales]; born 29 October 1984), nicknamed "Tata" is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Defensor Sporting as a midfielder. A Uruguayan international on 72 occasions since 2006, he represented his nation for one World Cup and three Copa América tournaments.
Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain is a 2013 American stand-up comedy concert film featuring Kevin Hart's 2012 performance at Madison Square Garden. It was released in theaters on July 3, 2013. The film was directed by Leslie Small and Tim Story, produced by Hartbeat Productions, and distributed by Summit Entertainment and Codeblack Films.
Pamela Mather (born 1946) is an English former cricketer who played as a bowler. She appeared in five One Day Internationals for England in the 1973 Women's Cricket World Cup. She took two wickets at an average of 50.00 as England won the tournament. She played domestic cricket for East Anglia.
Li Shenzhi (李慎之; 1923–2003) was a prominent Chinese social scientist and public intellectual. Long a trusted spokesperson of the Chinese Communist Party, he rose to become Vice-President of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
Dismissed from this position for blunt criticisms of the regime, he emerged in the 1990s as a powerful critic of authoritarianism, and a prominent exponent of Chinese liberalism. His death in 2003, which had been preceded by a series of widely circulated professions of his liberal commitment, prompted an outpouring of adulatory writings, securing his posthumous status as a champion of intellectual freedom under difficult circumstances.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Sitka, Alaska.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Sitka, Alaska, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.There are 21 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the city and borough, including 8 National Historic Landmarks.  Another property was once listed but has been removed.
This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted January 28, 2022.
Disability access auditing is a profession concerning the design and construction of environments and facilities for safe accessibility by all people, taking into consideration the needs of those with physical disabilities. 
It is a profession with science and a highly responsible task concerning lives as well as resources such as money, time and effort. An essential prerequisite here is a good understanding of its intricacies.
It is the job of accessibility adviser and an accessibility auditor who are experts of this specific job possessing a good understanding of its intricacies along with adequate wider practical experience, proven competence and several other necessary skills.
Professionals responsible for buildings and authorities undertaking constructions often need expert guidance from such experienced professionals as to how best to deal with this without waste of resources and avoiding safety hazards.
The 1887 Staten Island Cricket Club football team  was an American football team that represented the Staten Island Cricket and Baseball club during the 1887 football season.  In their first year as a member of the American Football Union, the Islanders compiled a 1–3 record (all in the AFU), and were outscored by their opponents by a total of 52 to 37.
The Six Gun Grill Cape Cobras are a franchise cricket team representing the Western Province, Boland, and South Western Districts areas in South African domestic cricket.  The team's home venues are Newlands Cricket Ground, Cape Town, Boland Park, Paarl, and the Recreation Ground, Oudtshoorn. They have had the privilege of playing in the Champions League Twenty20.
The Cobras play in the 4-Day Franchise Series, Momentum One Day Cup and T20 Challenge competitions. They are one of the most successful domestic sides in the franchise era.
Huehuetlán el Grande (municipality) is a town and municipality in Puebla in south-eastern Mexico.
Butene, also known as butylene, is an alkene with the formula C4H8.  The word butene may refer to any of the individual compounds.  They are colourless gases that are present in crude oil as a minor constituent in quantities that are too small for viable extraction.  Butene is therefore obtained by catalytic cracking of long-chain hydrocarbons left during refining of crude oil. Cracking produces a mixture of products, and the butene is extracted from this by fractional distillation.Butene can be used as the monomer for polybutene, but this polymer is more expensive than alternatives with shorter carbon chains such as polypropylene. Polybutene is therefore used in more specialized applications.  Butenes are more commonly used to make copolymer (mixed with another monomer such as ethylene).
Francisco, el Hombre is a Brazilian rock, Mexican, Brazilian and Latin American music band formed in 2013 by Mexican-born Brazilian brothers Sebastián and Mateo Piracés-Ugarte in the city of Campinas, São Paulo.With three other Brazilian-born members, the group mixes musical elements from both countries and others from Latin America, based on continental trips by the brothers, resulting in music sung in Spanish, Portuguese and English. They are self-defined as a "pachanga folk" band.  Rolling Stone Brasil described them as a mixture of Manu Chao and Nação Zumbi.Their initial Latin American tours were self-financed, improvised and ofter started with very few shows previously scheduled. They would always find opportunities to play in streets, squares, hostels, bars and birthday parties.Their 2017 song "Triste, Louca ou Má" (Sad, Crazy or Bad) was nominated for the 2017 Latin Grammy award for Best Portuguese Language Song.
Head River is an unincorporated community in Dade County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Crichton Collegiate Church is situated about 0.6 miles (0.97 km) south-west of the hamlet of Crichton in Midlothian, Scotland.
The Last Killer (Italian: L'ultimo killer, also known as Django the Last Killer) is a 1967 Spaghetti Western movie starring George Eastman and Anthony Ghidra.
William Meares (14 December 1848 – 17 October 1923) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played two first-class matches for Otago between 1873 and 1877.
"Somewhere Near Japan" is a song written for the American rock band The Beach Boys. It was released on their 1989 album Still Cruisin'.
Victoria Michaels is a Ghanaian-Nigerian model, fashion icon, actress, brand ambassador and philanthropist. She is the recipient of several accolades, including Ghana Models Awards, Glitz Style Awards, and the City People Entertainment Awards.
Dobrowo [dɔˈbrɔvɔ] (German: Dubberow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Tychowo, 9 km (6 mi) east of Białogard, and 120 km (75 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Before 1945, the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
In the 2015 Season Coventry Bears competed in the RFL League 1 and was the first time in the club's history that they competed in the professional leagues of rugby league. Although they won just 5 league matches in their debut season, it was in many ways a successful start to life in the professional leagues with the club attracting an average attendance of 458 and being awarded the League 1 Project of the Year.
Deante Wayne Burton (born July 12, 1994) is an American football cornerback who is a free agent. He signed with the Atlanta Falcons as an undrafted free agent in 2017. He played college football at Kansas State University.
The 305th Operations Group is a United States Air Force unit assigned to the 305th Air Mobility Wing. It is stationed at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New Jersey.
During World War II, the group's predecessor unit, the 305th Bombardment Group was one of the first VIII Bomber Command Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress units in England, and, was one of the most-decorated USAAF heavy-bombardment groups in the European Theater. 1st Lt William R. Lawley, Jr. and 1st Lt Edward S. Michael, pilots in the 364th Bomb Squadron, each received the Medal of Honor.
While commanded by Colonel Curtis LeMay the 305th Bomb Group pioneered many bomber flying formations and bombing procedures that became the standard operating procedures in the Eighth Air Force.
The group suffered the heaviest loss of the 14 October 1943 Schweinfurt–Regensburg mission, and for this reason, was given a Nazi flag found flying in the city when it was captured by U.S. troops in April 1945.
The Canadian Opera Hall of Fame is a hall of fame recognizing individuals who have played a role in the development of opera music in Canada. The first honorees were inducted in 1991. Honorees include Clarice Carson and Irving Guttman. The Hall of Fame is directed by L'Opéra de Montréal.
The Heart of Asia – Istanbul Process (HoA-IP) is an initiative of the Republic of Afghanistan and the Republic of Turkey, which was officially launched at a conference hosted by Turkey in Istanbul on 2 November 2011. Since then, Afghanistan supported by fourteen Participating Countries of the Heart of Asia Region and 16 Supporting Countries beyond the region as well as 12 Regional and International Organizations is leading and coordinating this Process. It is a platform for promoting regional security, economic and political cooperation centered on Afghanistan through dialogue and a set of Confidence Building Measures (CBMs).
Francisco Audenino (died 1964) was an Argentine film actor who appeared in around fifty productions, generally in supporting roles.
Lake Rotoiti is a lake in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand. It is the northwesternmost in a chain of lakes formed within the Okataina caldera. The lake is close to the northern shore of its more famous neighbour, Lake Rotorua, and is connected to it via the Ohau Channel. It drains to the Kaituna River, which flows into the Bay of Plenty near Maketu.
The full name of the lake is Te Rotoiti-kite-a-Īhenga, which in the Māori language means "The Small Lake Discovered By Īhenga",  the Māori explorer also credited with discovering Lake Rotorua. Legend says that the lake was named as such because when Ihenga first saw it, he was only able to see a small part of it and thought the lake was a lot smaller.
Since the 1960s, the quality of lake water has been negatively affected by inflows of nitrogen rich water from Lake Rotorua, agricultural run-off from surrounding farms and seepage from domestic septic tanks. The effects of this included an almost permanent algal bloom in the Okere arm of the lake and choking lake weed growth in other still areas of the lake. A barrier to divert the nutrient rich waters of Lake Rotorua into the Kaituna River was completed in late 2008.
The Bay of Plenty Regional Council expected to see improvement in lake water quality within five years  and the Rotorua Te Arawa Lakes Program reported in 2013 that the intervention has significantly improved water quality. Water quality is the highest it has been in decades, on track to meet targets set by the Program to meet community expectations.Lake Rotoiti has thermal hot-spring baths on the southern shore which are accessible by boat.
The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1970 Final Tournament was held in Scotland.
Shipboard helicopter operations is the use of techniques which allows operation of rotary wing aircraft from naval vessels. In the case of military vessels the operations also include tactics and associated weapons and troops.
Landing a helicopter on the flight deck of what is sometimes a small ship in heavy seas presents the pilot with a challenges that include: deck movement, turbulent airflows, and using control systems that were not necessarily designed for the marine environment.
Flight operations of shipboard helicopter operations include preparing the aircraft and crew for the mission, cargo and ordnance handling (for armed helicopters), passenger supervision, aircraft departure, communications with the ship during the mission and recovery.
Apart from the more routine passenger and cargo transportation missions, shipboard helicopter operations are used by civilian and military operators to conduct search and rescue missions, while what for the civilian operators is often electronic news gathering, for the military becomes intelligence gathering missions or battlefield surveillance and reconnaissance. Some helicopters, such as the Kamov Ka-31 airborne early warning helicopter, fulfil specialised roles. The SH-60 Seahawk's roles can include antisubmarine warfare, anti-surface warfare, special forces insertion, combat search and rescue, vertical replenishment and medical evacuation.
The first shipboard helicopter operations were attempted by the Wehrmacht during the Second World War in the Baltic Sea. The British had trialled autogyros with aircraft carriers before the war but joined with the USN in testing the Sikorsky helicopters at sea providing the Empire Mersey and its replacement the SS Daghestan in 1942/43. The first purpose-built helicopter operation vessels were Liberty ships converted by the US Army in June 1945 into floating repair depots. They included special landing platforms to accommodate Sikorsky R-4 helicopters.
Ronny Kriwat (born 31 March 1987) is a Brazilian actor.Kriwat studied Business Administration at Mackenzie, in São Paulo. For being a little shy, he decided to take theater classes to lose his shyness. He liked the stage and began to invest in his career. In 2009, he made his television debut in the telenovela Cama de Gato.
Richard Rashleigh Folliott Scott, Baron Scott of Foscote, PC, (born 2 October 1934), is an India-born British judge, who formerly held the office of Lord of Appeal in Ordinary.
North–South Ski Bowl was a modest ski area in the western United States, located in northern Idaho in the Hoodoo Mountains of southern Benewah County.
Its bowl-shaped slope in the Idaho Panhandle National Forest faced northeast and the vertical drop was just under 400 feet (120 m) on Dennis Mountain, accessed from State Highway 6, south of Emida and north of Harvard.  An "upside-down" ski area, the parking lot and lodge were at the top, less than a mile east of the highway, formerly designated as 95A (U.S. 95 Alternate). The access road meets the highway at its crest ("Harvard Hill"), just under 3,600 feet (1,100 m), and climbs about two hundred feet (60 m); the border with Latah County is approximately two miles (3 km) south.
"Young Girls" is a song by American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars. It was composed by Mars, Philip Lawrence and Ari Levine, a songwriting and record production trio known as the Smeezingtons, as well as Jeff Bhasker, and Emile Haynie, with additional songwriter credits by Mac Davis, for Mars's second studio album Unorthodox Jukebox (2012). It is a midtempo, doo-wop-influenced pop ballad that garnered comparisons to Mars's "It Will Rain" and Lana Del Rey's music. Its instrumentation includes drums, synths, piano and elements of electro music. The song was released as the first promotional single and later as the fifth overall single from Unorthodox Jukebox, being first serviced to contemporary hit radio in Australia on November 26, 2013.
"Young Girls" received generally mixed to positive reviews. Many music critics noted the complex instrumental and praised Mars's vocals on the record. Its lyrics, detailing the fact of the singer being unable to resist his attraction to young girls, were met with criticism; with reviewers calling it a "recognizing sin" and "impassioned shame". The single was recognized as the Best Pop of 2013 at the MelOn Music Awards. Commercially, "Young Girls" charted in some countries, along with the released of its parent album, such as South Korea, where it reached number one, United Kingdom and Canada. Before it was canceled as the second single it peaked in Australia and New Zealand at 62 and 23, respectively. As the fifth single it reached the position of 19 in Canada and 32 in the United States. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The track was performed live on Saturday Night Live and occasionally on The Moonshine Jungle Tour (2013–14).
The Régional Saignelégier–Glovelier (RSG) was a railway company that operated a metre-gauge railway from Saignelégier to Glovelier in Switzerland. In 1944, the railway was merged to form the Chemins de fer du Jura (CJ), which converted the line to metre gauge and electrified it at 1500 Volt DC. Today, the line is part of the La Chaux-de-Fonds–Glovelier line.
Typhoon Vera, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Bebeng, brought significant flooding to the Philippines in July 1983. The monsoon trough spawned a tropical depression on July 12 east of the Philippines. Although the depression was initially slow to organize, the system headed west-northwestward, strengthening to a tropical storm the following day and a typhoon on the July 14. Vera moved onshore early the next day as a minimal typhoon in the Philippines before weakening slightly over the islands. However, Vera managed to restrengthen over the South China Sea while accelerating, later attaining winds of 85 mph (135 km/h). After crossing Hainan while still at peak intensity and moving into the northern portion of the Gulf of Tonkin, Vera gradually weakened before moving ashore in northern Vietnam on July 18. By July 19, Vera had dissipated inland.
Across the Philippines, Typhoon Vera killed 123 and left 60 missing and 45 hurt. Approximately 200,000 people were homeless. The typhoon destroyed 29,054 dwellings and "badly" damaged 5,558 others. A total of 76,346 homes were "partially" damaged. Moreover, 24,280 people sought shelter due to Vera. Around 80% of Manila's residents lost power. Many low-lying areas of Manila were underwater while strong winds damaged homes and trees. The province of Bataan sustained the worst damage from the storm and 10 nearby villages were destroyed. Throughout the province, 50 people perished, primarily due to drownings. In all, damage totaled $42 million (1983 USD). In addition to the impact on the Philippines, Typhoon Vera claimed three lives in Vietnam and damaged 2,500 houses. Offshore China, a swimmer drowned due to rough seas caused by Vera.
Deadwater railway station is a closed railway station situated on the border between England and Scotland at the head of the North Tyne River. The station served the settlement of Deadwater which consisted of just six houses.
Hon. Ian Ling-Stuckey, (born 27 December 1959) is the member of parliament for the Kavieng District, Papua New Guinea. He is a member of the National Alliance Party which is part of the opposition coalition for the 10th National Parliament of Papua New Guinea.
He unseated former member Ben Micah of the Peoples Progress Party by 9,368 votes to Micah's 6,713 votes to claim the Kavieng Open Seat in the July, 2017 Papua New Guinea National Elections. This is his 2nd time to be elected as Member of Parliament for Kavieng Open Seat. He first won in 1997, then left in 2002 to be the New Ireland Governor from 2002 to 2007 where he lost to Right Honourable Sir Julius Chan and now he has returned to claim back his old seat.
Labruyère (French pronunciation: ​[labʁɥijɛʁ]) is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Andrea Bermond Des Ambrois (born 4 October 1964) is an Italian fencer. He competed in the team épée event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Nick Saul (born August 9, 1966) is a Canadian food and social justice activist, author, and the President and CEO of Community Food Centres Canada. Nick is also the Chancellor of Victoria University in the University of Toronto. https://www.vic.utoronto.ca/news/victorias-new-chancellor/
The Indianapolis mayoral election of 1959 took place on November 3, 1959 and saw the reelection of Charles H. Boswell, who had become mayor eleven months earlier, after Philip L. Bayt resigned to become Marion County Prosecutor. Boswell defeated Republican William T. Sharp.
The 2011–12 Aviva Premiership was the 25th season of the top flight English domestic rugby union competition and the second one to be sponsored by Aviva. The reigning champions entering the season were Saracens, who had claimed their first title after defeating Leicester Tigers in the 2011 final. Worcester Warriors had been promoted as champions from the 2010–11 RFU Championship at the first attempt.
Chinna Jameen is a 1993 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Raj Kapoor and starring Karthik, Sukanya and important role R. P. Viswam. The movie Intiduse from actress Vineetha The film had a musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 13 November 1993. It ran for more than 100 days.
Maya Lin: A Strong Clear Vision is a 1994 American documentary film made by Freida Lee Mock.
Acacia castanostegia is a shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae. It is native to an area in the Wheatbelt and the Goldfields-Esperance regions of Western Australia.The dense, rounded and prickly shrub typically grows to a height of 0.2 to 0.5 metres (1 to 2 ft). It blooms in July and produces cream flowers.
Peter Higson (1 December 1905 – 19 April 1986) was an English cricketer active in the late nineteen-twenties and early nineteen-thirties. Born at Bramhall, Cheshire and educated at Cheltenham College, Higson was a right-handed batsman who played first-class cricket for Lancashire.
Higson made his first-class debut for Lancashire in 1928 after playing five seasons for the Lancashire Second XI in the Minor Counties Championship. His first-class debut was against Sussex at Old Trafford in the County Championship. He played two further first-class matches for Lancashire, against Warwickshire in 1929 and Somerset in 1931, though his appearances for Lancashire remained predominantly for the Second XI in the Minor Counties Championship. He was selected to play a combined Minor Counties team in a first-class fixture against Oxford University in 1933, his final appearance in first-class cricket. Higson scored a total of 51 runs in his four first-class matches, top-scoring with 29.Following his playing career, Higson was the President of Lancashire County Cricket Club in 1973 and 1974. He died at Hove, Sussex on 19 April 1986. His father Thomas Higson was a first-class cricketer, as was his brother, also Thomas.
The Incomplete Enchanter is a collection of two fantasy novellas by American writers L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt, the first volume in their Harold Shea series. The pieces were originally published in the magazine Unknown in the issues for May and August 1940. The collection was first published in hardcover by Henry Holt and Company in 1941 and in paperback by Pyramid Books in 1960.
Kevin Callan is a Canadian canoe enthusiast, media personality, and author of thirteen books, including the bestselling   The Happy Camper and "A Paddler's Guide To" series.
The Bethesda Baptist Church and Cemetery in Greene County, Georgia near Union Point, Georgia was built in 1818.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. The listing included two contributing buildings, two contributing structures, and two contributing sites.The complex is located at the junction of County Rd. 120 and County Rd. 129.  It includes a two-story brick church from c.1818 built in vernacular Federal style, with brick laid in American bond.  Its first floor walls are 18 inches (0.46 m) thick.  It has interior end brick chimneys.
Granophyre ( GRAN-ə-fire; from granite and porphyry) is a subvolcanic rock that contains quartz and alkali feldspar in characteristic angular intergrowths such as those in the accompanying image.
The texture is called granophyric. The texture can be similar to micrographic texture and to the coarser graphic intergrowths of quartz and alkali feldspar common in pegmatite. These textures document simultaneous crystallization of quartz and feldspar from a silicate melt at the eutectic point, perhaps in the presence of a water-rich phase. They may also be formed by crystallization when the magma is significantly undercooled, not necessarily under eutectic conditions.Granophyres typically are intrusive rocks that crystallized at shallow depths, and many have compositions similar to those of granites. A common occurrence of granophyre is within layered igneous intrusions dominated by rocks with compositions like that of gabbro. In such occurrences, the granophyre may form as an end product of fractional crystallization of a parent mafic magma, or by melting of rocks into which the mafic magma was emplaced, or by a combination of the two processes.
Granophyre may also form as the uppermost stratigraphic layer resulting from melting of upper-middle crustal rocks by a meteorite impact. For example, the upper layer of the Main Mass of the 1850 Ma Sudbury Structure is composed of fine-medium grained granitic rocks with abundant granophyric textures.
Stanek is a Polish-language gender-neutral surname. Obsolete feminine forms are Stankowa (married) and Stankówna (maiden). It originated as a diminutive of the given name Stanisław.
It is also a Polish noble surname belonging to the Pobóg clan.The Czech-language variant of the surname is Staněk.
Abitibi County is a historical County in southwestern Quebec. Its County seat was in Amos. It extended from the Ontario border in the west to the Gouin Reservoir in the east, and included the communities of La Sarre and Val-d'Or in addition to Amos. It was bounded on the north by Abitibi Territory, on the east by Champlain County, on the west by the Ontario districts of Cochrane and Timiskaming and on the south by Témiscamingue County, Pontiac County, Montcalm County, Joliette County, Berthier County, Maskinongé County and St. Maurice County.
In the early 1980s Abitibi County was divided into Regional County Municipalities. The western panhandle section became Abitibi-Ouest MRC, the northcentral section went to Abitibi MRC, the eastcentral and southern sections went to Vallée-de-l'Or MRC, the farthest eastern section went to Le Haut-Saint-Maurice MRC (now La Tuque), and a small part in the southwest went to Rouyn-Noranda MRC (now Ville de Rouyn-Noranda).
Amber Corwin Farrow (born December 21, 1978) is an American former competitive figure skater. She is the 1999 Four Continents silver medalist and 2004 bronze medalist.
Constituency NA-102 (Hafizabad-I) (Urdu: این اے-۱۰٢، حافظ آباد-۱) was a constituency for the National Assembly of Pakistan. It was one of the two constituencies for the district of Hafizabad before the 2018 delimitations. After the delimitations, the two constituencies were merged into one: NA-87.
The Browns polymetallic ore deposit is a large ore deposit located at Mount Fitch, near Batchelor, 64 kilometres south of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.
The Browns deposit consists of a sizeable, +80 million tonne deposit of nickel-copper-cobalt, with some poorly defined zones of uranium, and extensive zones of lead-zinc mineralization having been discovered in recent years.
Huntingtower and Ruthvenfield is a village in Perthshire, Scotland, on the River Almond, 3 miles (5 kilometres) northwest of Perth.
Bleaching, the chief industry, dated from 1774, when the bleaching-field was formed. By means of an old aqueduct, said to have been built by the Romans, it was provided with water from the River Almond, the properties of which rendered it especially suited for bleaching. Bleaching (by chemicals under cover, not with bleach fields) continued Huntingtower until 1981.
Huntingtower Castle, a once formidable structure, was the scene of the Raid of Ruthven (pron. Rivven), when the Protestant lords, headed by William, 4th Lord Ruthven and 1st Earl of Gowrie (c.1541–1584), kidnapped the boy-king James VI, on August 22, 1582. The earl's sons were slain in the attempt (known as the Gowrie conspiracy) to capture James VI (1600), consequent on which the Scots parliament ordered the name of Ruthven to be abolished, and the barony to be known in future as Huntingtower. The Ruthven name and reputation was re-established in 1651, by Sir Thomas Ruthven, for service too the Crown.
The source of the 4.5 mi (7.2 km)-long Perth Lade is just west of the village, at Low's Work weir on the River Almond.
Bandar Malaysia is a 486-acre mixed-use, transit-oriented development by 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) located at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. This project will be built at the current Sungai Besi Air Base site over 20 years. It is planned as a central transport hub connecting high-speed rail to Singapore (namely the Kuala Lumpur-Singapore High Speed Rail; since cancelled), Mass Rapid Transit, KTM Komuter, Express Rail Link and 12 other highways with an estimated gross development value (GDV) of over RM140 billion. Bandar Malaysia was slated to be a hub for global multinationals and Fortune Global 500 companies, and has the opportunity to become a game-changer for foreign investors in Malaysia. The project was ready to start by early 2021, after the settlement of a RM1.24bil payment to the Federal Government by IWH-CREC but was pushed back to a later date.
The development, in fact, had been initially expected to kick-off in March 2020 but was delayed by the pandemic. A source had expressed their confidence that the project will be resumed at a later date, given the uncertainties brought about by the current COVID-19 pandemic outbreak in the country.
Berrien County is a county on the south line of Michigan, at the southwestern corner of the state. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 154,316. The county seat is St. Joseph.Berrien County is included in the Niles-Benton Harbor, MI Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the South Bend-Elkhart-Mishawaka, IN-MI Combined Statistical Area.
Brindaban Goswami was a leader of Asom Gana Parishad and former Education Minister in Government of Assam. He was one of the student leader came into limelight during Assam Agitation. He was member of split group of Asom Gana Parishad knowns as Natun Asom Gana Parishad when was formed due to Prafulla Kumar Mahanta. He was also President of Asom Gana Parishad for brief period of time.During Assam Legislative Assembly election in 2006, Goswami was named as chief ministerial candidate of Asom Gana Parishad. He is also five times Member of Legislative Assembly from Tezpur constituency.
On April 7, 2003, in Oakland, California, United States, an anti-war protest occurred at the Port of Oakland. The non-violent protest was organized by Direct Action to Stop the War, a Bay Area peace group, which was protesting against American President Lines, alleging the company shipped arms and supplies for the U.S. military and was profiting from the war on Iraq.
Tavigny is a village of Wallonia and a district of the municipality of Houffalize, located in the province of Luxembourg, Belgium.
Remains of a Roman temple from the second century AD have been discovered in Tavigny, as well as remains of Roman villas. The Château de Tavigny dates from the Middle Ages, and by 1360 was owned by the locally powerful d'Ouren family.
Leon Khachatourian (Armenian: Լեէոն Խաչատրեան; Persian: لئون خاچاطوریان , born 1936) was an Iranian Armenian boxer who became a member of Iran senior national Boxing team in 1957, and was also a member of Tehran Taj Club. He participated as a member of the Iranian boxers at the 1958 Asian Games, in the Middleweight division.
In Tokyo 1958, Khachatourian lost on points to Singh from India, in the semifinal, and won the bronze medal of the 75 kg boxing division. He retired from championship boxing and the Iranian national boxing team, after returning from the 1958 Asian Games.
Eogeophilus ("dawn earth lover") is an extinct genus of geophilid centipede that was discovered in the Nusplingen Limestone of Germany. It is a monotypic genus, with only type species Eogeophilus jurassicus known.
The 2011–12 UC Irvine Anteaters men's basketball team represented the University of California, Irvine during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Anteaters, led by second year head coach Russell Turner, played their home games at the Bren Events Center and were members of the Big West Conference. They finished the season 12–20, 6–10 in Big West play to finish tied for sixth place.
Alma Allen was a member of the Danish Resistance against the Nazis in World War II in the early 1940s. She personally led women on a dozen missions against the Nazis. She eventually joined British intelligence.
Michael R. Lovell (born c. 1967) is an American engineer and academic administrator, currently serving as President of Marquette University. Lovell assumed office on July 1, 2014.
Mazhanool Kanav is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2003.
Kristopher J. Chucko (born March 13, 1986) is a Canadian former ice hockey player who played two National Hockey League (NHL) games for the Calgary Flames. He was a first round selection, 24th overall, of the Flames in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft and played his entire professional career in the team's organization.  Chucko retired in 2011 as a result of concussions.
Michel Bernstein (Paris, 1931 – Paris, October 31, 2006) was a French musical producer and founder of several record labels.Bernstein's first contact with classical music was hearing the school music teacher play Beethoven on an out-of-tune piano at the age of 15, but thereafter he took a lively interest in music and recordings.
Kargil  is a city and a joint capital of the union territory of Ladakh in India. It is also the headquarters of the Kargil district. It is the second-largest city in Ladakh after Leh. Kargil is located 204 kilometres (127 mi) to the east of Srinagar in Jammu and Kashmir, and 234 kilometres (145 mi) to the west of Leh. It is the centre point of the Suru River.
Cnemaspis agarwali (Agarwal's day gecko) is a species of diurnal, rock-dwelling, insectivorous gecko endemic to the Eastern Ghats of India. It is distributed in Sankagiri near Salem District of Tamil Nadu.
The School of International Relations (or SIR) (Persian: دانشکده روابط بین‌الملل وزارت امور خارجه) is an institute of higher education in Iran. The school trains an international student body, and is run by the Iranian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, under the supervision of the Iranian Ministry of Science, Research and Technology.
More than 750 of the school's graduates have held diplomatic and government positions inside and outside Iran.SIR houses the Iranian Diplomatic Training Center (DTC) who trains domestic as well as foreign young diplomats. The DTC has trained more than 1000 diplomats from 60 nations.
Professors of this school are mostly among the famous Iranian diplomats, mostly working in international organizations such as UN or in Embassies around the world.
Khaneh Sar (Persian: خانه سر, also Romanized as Khāneh Sar) is a village in Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 106, in 30 families.
Subaru Telescope (すばる望遠鏡, Subaru Bōenkyō) is the 8.2-meter (320 in) flagship telescope of the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan, located at the Mauna Kea Observatory on Hawaii. It is named after the open star cluster known in English as the Pleiades. It had the largest monolithic primary mirror in the world from its commissioning until 2005.
Lucas Dillon, 6th Viscount Dillon (died 1682) was an Irish peer who obtained favours from King Charles II.
The European Economic Community (EEC) was a regional organization that aimed to bring about economic integration among its member states. It was created by the Treaty of Rome of 1957. Upon the formation of the European Union in 1993, the EEC was incorporated into the EU and renamed the European Community (EC). In 2009, the EC formally ceased to exist and its institutions were directly absorbed by the EU. This made the Union the formal successor institution of the Community.
The Community's initial aim was to bring about economic integration, including a common market and customs union, among its six founding members: Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and West Germany. It gained a common set of institutions along with the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC) and the European Atomic Energy Community (EURATOM) as one of the European Communities under the 1965 Merger Treaty (Treaty of Brussels). In 1993 a complete single market was achieved, known as the internal market, which allowed for the free movement of goods, capital, services, and people within the EEC. In 1994 the internal market was formalised by the EEA agreement. This agreement also extended the internal market to include most of the member states of the European Free Trade Association, forming the European Economic Area, which encompasses 15 countries.
Upon the entry into force of the Maastricht Treaty in 1993, the EEC was renamed the European Community to reflect that it covered a wider range than economic policy. This was also when the three European Communities, including the EC, were collectively made to constitute the first of the three pillars of the European Union, which the treaty also founded. The EC existed in this form until it was abolished by the 2009 Treaty of Lisbon, which incorporated the EC's institutions into the EU's wider framework and provided that the EU would "replace and succeed the European Community".
The EEC was also known as the European Common Market in the English-speaking countries and sometimes referred to as the European Community even before it was officially renamed as such in 1993.
Arena Jaskółka Tarnów is an arena in Tarnów, Poland.  It is primarily used for handball and basketball. Hala Unii holds 4,317 people and hosts the home games of SPR Tarnów and Unia Tarnów.
Son Castelló is a station of the Palma Metro in Palma on the island of Majorca, Spain.
The underground station, which opened 25 April 2007, is located at the southern end of Gran Via Asima in the Son Castelló industrial area, from which it takes its name.
Jane Antonia Cornish is an English composer. She is based in New York City, and focuses on contemporary classical music.
"Money, Power & Respect" is the second single released from the Lox's debut album of the same name. The song was produced by Hitmen members D-Dot and Amen-Ra and featured DMX, who contributed the song's fourth verse.  The song's chorus is performed by Lil' Kim; its motif is consistent with German sociologist Max Weber's Three-component theory of social stratification, which recognizes that one's wealth, power, and prestige, affects one's independent capability or ability to act on one's will. The track samples Dexter Wansel's 1979 song "New Beginning".
Released as the follow-up to their debut single, "If You Think I'm Jiggy", which peaked at No. 30 on the Billboard Hot 100, "Money, Power & Respect" was an even bigger success, reaching 18 on the Hot 100 and topping the Hot Rap Singles chart at No. 1. To date, the song remains the group's most successful single and was certified gold by the RIAA for sales of 500,000 copies on April 28, 1998.
In addition to the Money, Power & Respect album, the song was among the tracks on The Source Presents: Hip Hop Hits, Vol. 2, Music Inspired by Scarface, Survival of the Illest and Bad Boy's Greatest Hits. It was also used as entrance music for professional wrestler Jazz in Extreme Championship Wrestling.
"Every Heart: Minna no Kimochi" (Every Heart -ミンナノキモチ-, lit. Every Heart - Everyone's Feelings) is BoA's fifth single. It was featured on the hit anime, Inuyasha, as the fourth (in Japan) and the second (Korean) ending theme song. This was released on the same day as her Japanese debut album Listen to My Heart and reached number ten on the Oricon singles chart. Also, The Korean version of this song listed in her Korean album, Miracle.
This single was also the first Copy Control release in Japan.
José Cardó Guarderas is a Peruvian and was Reconstrucción Democrática's presidential candidate for the 2006 national election. He formally withdrew his candidacy two days before the election, publicly supporting Lourdes Flores' one instead, but the ballot was not changed and his votes were still counted officially. He received 0.1% of the vote, coming in 17th place.
Farmington Bank was a full-service community bank in Connecticut and western Massachusetts headquartered in Farmington, Connecticut.
Günter Schabowski ([ˈɡʏntɐ ʃaˈbɔfski]; 4 January 1929 – 1 November 2015) was an East German politician who served as an official of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands abbreviated SED), the ruling party during most of the existence of the German Democratic Republic (GDR). Schabowski gained worldwide fame in November 1989 when he improvised a slightly-mistaken answer to a press conference question. That raised popular expectations much more rapidly than the government planned and so massive crowds gathered the same night at the Berlin Wall, which forced its opening after 28 years. Soon afterward, the entire inner German border was opened.
Named-entity recognition (NER) (also known as (named) entity identification, entity chunking, and entity extraction) is a subtask of information extraction that seeks to locate and classify named entities mentioned in unstructured text into pre-defined categories such as person names, organizations, locations, medical codes, time expressions, quantities, monetary values, percentages, etc.
Most research on NER/NEE systems has been structured as taking an unannotated block of text, such as this one:
And producing an annotated block of text that highlights the names of entities:
In this example, a person name consisting of one token, a two-token company name and a temporal expression have been detected and classified.
State-of-the-art NER systems for English produce near-human performance. For example, the best system entering MUC-7 scored 93.39% of F-measure while human annotators scored 97.60% and 96.95%.
John Yurkow an American college baseball coach, currently serving as head coach of the Penn Quakers baseball program.  He was named to that position prior to the 2014 season.Raised in Washington Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey, Yurkow attended Gloucester Catholic High School.Yurkow played second base at Rowan University, and earned his first coaching position with the Profs immediately after graduation.  He served two years before moving to Duke for four seasons.  He then accepted a position at Penn as the top assistant to head coach John Cole, who had previously coached him at Rowan.  Upon Cole's firing after the 2013 seasons, Yurkow was elevated to the head coaching position.
Thomas J. Coates (born 1945) is the Director of the multi-campus University of California Global Health Institute, a UC-wide initiative established to improve health and reduce the burden of disease throughout the world. He is Professor Emeritus at the UCLA David Geffen School of Medicine and Founding Director of the UCLA Center for World Health, a joint initiative of the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA and UCLA Health, He has conducted extensive research in the realm of HIV and is the Michael and Sue Steinberg Endowed Professor of Global AIDS Research within the Division of Infectious Diseases at UCLA and Distinguished Professor of Medicine. Health-related behavior is of particular interest to Coates. Throughout his career as a health expert, his theory-based research has been focused on interventions aimed at reducing risks and threats to health
Mysarbia is a Neotropical genus of firetips in the family Hesperiidae. The genus is monotypic containing the single species Mysarbia sejanus.
Scotch Hill is a community in Clarion County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was founded in the 19th century by James J. Scotch and William F. Hill.Per the History of Clarion County PA Edited by A.J. Davis:"In 1836 George Alsbach, a native of Union county, purchased the Anderson tract for $1,500, and removed to it with his family from Shippenville. The surrounding country north, east, and south was a howling wilderness. Mr.Alsbach soon replaced the two log cabins, and the half barn of the same material, " which required props to keep it from falling," by more comfortable and modern frame dwellings. In the spring of 185 1 Mr. Alsbach laid out a portion of his farm in lots and called the prospective village Scotch Hill, to commemorate its former occupant, Anderson, and his neighbor, McNaughton.
The Mikvé Israel-Emanuel Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת מקווה ישראל-עמנואל; English: The Hope of Israel-Emanuel Synagogue), in Willemstad, Curaçao, is the oldest surviving synagogue in the Americas. It is commonly known as the Snoa (short for esnoga, an old Portuguese and Ladino word for synagogue) and is a major tourist attraction in Curaçao, with one notable group of visitors including Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands and her family, in 1992.The community (congregation Mikvé Israel) dates from the 1650s, and consisted of Spanish and Portuguese Jews from the Netherlands and Brazil. In the nineteenth century there was a breakaway Reform community (Emanu El); the two merged to form the present community in 1964. The community is now affiliated with Reconstructionist Judaism.
The first synagogue building was purchased in 1674; the current building dates from 1730. One visitor to the synagogue observed, upon entering through a quiet courtyard, viewing the azure stained glass windows and walking across a sand covered floor toward the carved mahogany Holy Ark that the sand floors remind congregants "of how its Jewish ancestors on the Iberian peninsula covered the floors of their makeshift prayer houses so that their footsteps would be muffled and the suspicion of potential denouncers would not be aroused." With its three high vaulted ceilings, the Holy Ark and the pulpit, the galleries, the benches and the chandeliers, the interior of the synagogue bears a marked resemblance to the Portuguese Synagogue in Amsterdam. Attached to the synagogue is the Jewish Historical Cultural Museum, whose collection includes replicas of artistic tombstones from the Beit Chaim Bleinheim in Curaçao, the oldest Jewish cemetery still in use in the Western Hemisphere.The other Dutch island in the Caribbean with a historical synagogue is Sint Eustatius, where the ruins of the Honen Dalim synagogue of 1739 still stand impressively on the 'Synagoge Pad'. An even older synagogue existed at Jodensavanne, Suriname, Beracha ve Shalom ("Blessings and Peace"), built between 1665 and 1671. Unlike the Curaçao synagogue, however, these other synagogues are no longer in use.
Adam Hock (born October 9, 1964) is an American businessman who has founded and co-founded several companies in the financial sector. He was married to Latvian model Ginta Lapiņa, but the couple divorced in 2017.
Jethabhai's Stepwell or Jethabhai ni Vav, is a stepwell in Isanpur area of Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. It was situated near sha e Alam and one of the heritage stepwells in Ahmedabad.
Guzew [ˈɡuzɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Rzgów and 15 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
The 2019 Iowa Hawkeyes football team represented the University of Iowa during the 2019 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Hawkeyes played their home games at Kinnick Stadium in Iowa City, Iowa, and competed in the West Division of the Big Ten Conference. They were led by Kirk Ferentz in his 21st season as head coach.
Iowa began the year with four straight wins, including an 18–17 road victory over rival Iowa State with College GameDay present. After losing games to three ranked opponents – at No. 19 Michigan (3–10), No. 10 Penn State (12–17), at No. 13 Wisconsin (22–24) – by a total of 14 points, the Hawkeyes knocked off another rival, unbeaten No. 8 Minnesota, 23–19, to start a four-game win streak to close the season. After long-time athletic director Bump Elliott and head coach Hayden Fry died in December, Iowa capped the 2019 season with a resounding 49–24 win over No. 22 USC in the Holiday Bowl. The Hawkeyes finished with a record of 10–3 (6–3 B1G), the sixth season with 10+ wins in the Ferentz era.
Junior kicker Keith Duncan was named Big Ten Kicker of the Year and was selected as a consensus First-team All-American. Junior offensive tackle Tristan Wirfs was named Big Ten Offensive Lineman of the Year, and later became the 10th Iowa player of the Ferentz era taken in the first round of the NFL Draft. After leading the Big Ten in sacks his sophomore season, junior defensive end A. J. Epenesa had a career-high 11.5 sacks in 2019, and was selected in the second round of the 2020 NFL Draft. Michael Ojemudia and Geno Stone became the fourth and fifth Iowa defensive backs drafted between 2017 and 2020. Nate Stanley, a three-year starter at quarterback, was also selected.
Tarami (多良見町, Tarami-chō) was a town located in Nishisonogi District, Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan.
As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 16,995 and a density of 448.65 persons per km2. The total area was 37.88 km2.
On March 1, 2005, Tarami, along with the towns of Iimori, Konagai, Moriyama and Takaki (all from Kitatakaki District), was merged into the expanded city of Isahaya.
Mass shootings occurred at drug rehabilitation centres in Irapuato, Guanajuato, Mexico, on 6 June and 1 July 2020.On 6 June 2020, 10 men were killed at a centre.Less than a month later, on the afternoon of 1 July, 28 people were killed and five others wounded at an unregistered centre.
Dove Gregory (real name Gregory Dove; 9 February 1837 — 21 May 1873) was an English first-class cricketer who played for Derbyshire in 1871 and 1872. He was a member of the team that played Derbyshire's first match in May 1871 and his early death in 1873 robbed the side of an outstanding bowler.
Dove was born in Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire. In 1858 he appeared in a pre-club match for Derbyshire against an All England Eleven, appearing again in 1859 and 1861. The 1859 team included Lord Stanhope, Lord Paget, the Bodens, and Unwin Sowter, and there was "considerable attendance of spectators, among whom were most of the neighbouring gentry and their families, and gay throngs of ladies". He played against All England again in 1867 and 1869 for Sutton-in-Ashfield, in 1870 for Wirksworth and in 1871 for Mansfield Woodhouse. In the Wirksworth match he took 15 wickets.
After Derbyshire County Cricket Club was founded in 1870, Dove played in the first match in the 1871 season against Lancashire when he took 6 wickets for 9 runs in their first innings. In the return match later in the year he took 5 for 57 against Lancashire. He played in two matches in the 1872 season which were both against Lancashire. He took 5 for 70  in the first match.
Dove was a right-arm round arm fast bowler and took 25 wickets in his four first-class matches, with an average of 10.20. As a right-handed batsman he played 7 innings in the four matches with a top score of 10 and an average of 4.75.Gregory died at the age of 36 at the start of the 1873 season.
Har Brakha (Hebrew: הַר בְּרָכָה, lit. Mount [of] Blessing) is an Israeli settlement located on the southern ridge of Mount Gerizim at an elevation of 870 metres (2,850 feet) above sea level, in the West Bank's Samarian mountains near Nablus. Har Brakha is named after one of the two mountains that are mentioned in Deuteronomy on which half of the twelve tribes of Israel ascended in order to pronounce blessings, and shares the Mount Gerizim ridge with Kiryat Luza, the main Samaritan village. It is organised as a community settlement and falls under the jurisdiction of Shomron Regional Council. In 2019 it had a population of 2,757.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law.  The Israeli government disputes this.The land of Har Brakha was confiscated by the Israelis from three nearby Palestinian villages: most  from Burin the rest from Kafr Qallil and Iraq Burin.
Auburn was an unincorporated community in rural Baker County, Oregon, United States, now considered a ghost town.  Auburn lies off Oregon Route 7 southwest of Baker City and east of McEwen on the edge of the Blue Mountains.
Auburn is deserted today, but the former gold mining boomtown was once the largest community in Eastern Oregon. Auburn only had one or two buildings until 1861, when gold was discovered in the area. By September 1862, Auburn had grown into a full-fledged town with over 20 stores and 1000 homes to serve the mining industry. In that month the Oregon Legislative Assembly made Auburn the first county seat of Baker County, but by the 1870s Auburn was largely deserted, with a population of 200 people in 1873.The post office, the first in northeast Oregon, closed in 1903. It had opened on November 1, 1862, with William F. McCrary as the first postmaster.
Jealousy (German: Eifersucht), also known as Varieté, is a 1925 German silent comedy drama film directed by Karl Grune and starring Lya De Putti, Werner Krauss and Georg Alexander.
The architecture of Ethiopia varies greatly from region to region. Over the years, it has incorporated various architectural styles and techniques.
Writing is a medium of human communication that involves the representation of a language through a system of physically inscribed, mechanically transferred, or digitally represented symbols. Writing systems are not themselves human languages (with the debatable exception of computer languages); they are means of rendering a language into a form that can be reconstructed by other humans separated by time and/or space. While not all languages use a writing system, those with systems of inscriptions can complement and extend capacities of spoken language by enabling the creation of durable forms of speech that can be transmitted across space (e.g., correspondence) and stored over time (e.g., libraries or other public records). It has also been observed that the activity of writing itself can have knowledge-transforming effects, since it allows humans to externalize their thinking in forms that are easier to reflect on, elaborate, reconsider, and revise. Writing relies on many of the same semantic structures as the speech it represents, such as lexicon and syntax, with the added dependency of a system of symbols to represent that language's phonology and morphology. The result of the activity of writing is called a text, and the interpreter or activator of this text is called a reader.As human societies emerged, collective motivations for the development of writing were driven by pragmatic exigencies like keeping history, maintaining culture, codifying knowledge through curricula and lists of texts deemed to contain foundational knowledge (e.g., The Canon of Medicine) or to be artistically exceptional (e.g., a literary canon), organizing and governing societies through the formation of legal systems, census records, contracts, deeds of ownership, taxation, trade agreements, treaties, and so on. Amateur historians, including H.G. Wells, had speculated since the early 20th century on the likely correspondence between the emergence of systems of writing and the development of city-states into empires. As Charles Bazerman explains, the "marking of signs on stones, clay, paper, and now digital memories—each more portable and rapidly traveling than the previous—provided means for increasingly coordinated and extended action as well as memory across larger groups of people over time and space." For example, around the 4th millennium BC, the complexity of trade and administration in Mesopotamia outgrew human memory, and writing became a more dependable method of recording and presenting transactions in a permanent form. In both ancient Egypt and Mesoamerica, on the other hand, writing may have evolved through calendric and political necessities for recording historical and environmental events. Further innovations included more uniform, predictable, and widely dispersed legal systems, distribution and discussion of accessible versions of sacred texts, and the origins of modern practices of scientific inquiry and knowledge-consolidation, all largely reliant on portable and easily reproducible forms of inscribed language.  
Individual, as opposed to collective, motivations for writing include improvised additional capacity for the limitations of human memory (e.g., to-do lists, recipes, reminders, logbooks, maps, the proper sequence for a complicated task or important ritual), dissemination of ideas (as in an essay, monograph, broadside, petition, or manifesto), imaginative narratives and other forms of storytelling, personal or business correspondence, and lifewriting (e.g., a diary or journal).
Funagata Renpō Prefectural Natural Park (県立自然公園船形連峰, Kenritsu shizen kōen Funagata Renpō) is a prefectural natural park surrounding Mount Funagata in western Miyagi Prefecture, Japan. First designated for protection in 1962, the park spans the municipalities of Kami, Sendai, Shikama, and Taiwa. Wildlife includes the Japanese serow (a special natural monument), stoat, red-flanked bluetail and forest green tree frog.
The economy of the Spokane Metropolitan Area plays a vital role as the hub for the commercial, manufacturing, and transportation center as well as the medical, shopping, and entertainment hub of the 80,000 square miles (210,000 km2) Inland Northwest region. Although the two have opted not to merge into a single Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) yet, the Coeur d'Alene MSA has been combined by the Census Bureau into the Spokane–Coeur d'Alene combined statistical area (CSA). The CSA comprises the Spokane metropolitan area and the Coeur d'Alene metropolitan area anchored by Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the Spokane metropolitan area has a workforce of about 287,000 people (255,000 non-farm) and an unemployment rate of 5.3 percent as of February 2020; the largest sectors for non–farm employment are education and health services, trade, transportation, and utilities, and government. The Coeur d'Alene metropolitan area has a workforce of 80,000 people and an unemployment rate of 6.8% as of June 2020; the largest sectors for non-farm employment are trade, transportation, and utilities, government, and education and health services as well as leisure and hospitality. In 2017, the Spokane–Spokane Valley metropolitan area had a gross metropolitan product of $25.5 billion while the Coeur d'Alene metropolitan area was $5.93 billion.Spokane's economy has traditionally been natural resource based—heavily dependent on extractive products produced from farms, forests, and mines—however, the city's economy has now diversified to encompass other industries, including the technology, healthcare, and biotech sectors. Major trade in the city started with the first permanent European settlement in the Spokane area and Washington state with the fur trade, with the westward expansion and establishment of the North West Company's Spokane House in 1810. The Spokane House was the center of the fur trade between the Rockies and the Cascades for 16 years. The Spokane area is considered to be one of the most productive mining districts in North America. In the late 19th century, gold and silver were discovered in the Inland Northwest, leading to intensive development of mines in the region. After the mining rushes ended at the turn of the 20th century, agriculture and logging became the primary influences in the Spokane economy. The expansion and growth of Spokane abruptly stopped in the 1910s and was followed by a period of population decline due to economic factors such as capital flight, low commodity prices, and loss of industry. A later stabilization of the economy came with diversification away from natural resources.
Nicholaas Jalink (born 22 June 1964) is a Dutch former footballer and football manager.
In a career spanning some eighteen years, the midfielder played 480 professional league games, scoring seventy goals. He spent almost a year in England with Port Vale, though the majority of his career was spent in the Eredivisie. He played most of his football with hometown clubs Excelsior Rotterdam and Sparta Rotterdam, but also spent time with AZ Alkmaar, Fortuna Sittard, RKC Waalwijk, NAC Breda, and FC Dordrecht. He later managed amateur side DOTO.
John Rice Eden (February 1, 1826 – June 9, 1909) was a U.S. Representative from Illinois.
Born in Bath County, Kentucky, Eden moved with his parents to Indiana.
He was admitted to the bar in 1853 at Shelbyville, Ill and commenced practice in Sullivan, Illinois.
He served as prosecuting attorney for the seventeenth judicial district of Illinois 1856-1860.
Eden was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1863 – March 3, 1865).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1864 to the Thirty-ninth Congress.
He was an unsuccessful Democratic nominee for Governor of Illinois in 1868.
Eden was elected to the Forty-third, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Congresses (March 4, 1873 – March 3, 1879).
He served as chairman of the Committee on War Claims (Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Congresses).
Eden was elected to the Forty-ninth Congress (March 4, 1885 – March 3, 1887).
Neocollyris celebensis is a species of ground beetle in the genus Neocollyris in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1860.
Nikaia metro station is a station on Athens Metro Line 3, as part of the Piraeus extension. The entrance is located under Eleftherios Venizelos Square.
Kevin Kaczmarski (born December 31, 1991) is an American former professional baseball outfielder. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Mets in 2018.
The Rill Cove Wreck is an underwater wreck of a 16th-century Spanish cargo ship lying off the coast of Rill Cove, west of Kynance Cove, in Cornwall, England, UK. 
The remains of a cargo vessel were first found off Rill Cove, Cornwall in 1969. The site was designated under the Protection of Wrecks Act on 13 February 1976. The wreck is a Protected Wreck managed by Historic England.This wreck has also been identified by some as the Lizard Silver Wreck, a celebrated 1619 wreck off nearby Lizard Point, but this is disputed.
Gerald Brennan (born 26 June 1938) is a former  Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Keyline design is a landscaping technique of maximizing the beneficial use of the water resources of a tract of land. The "keyline" denominates a specific topographic feature related to the natural flow of water on the tract. Keyline design is a system of principles and techniques of developing rural and urban landscapes to optimize use of their water resources.
Australian farmer and engineer P. A. Yeomans invented and developed Keyline design in his books The Keyline Plan, The Challenge of Landscape, Water For Every Farm, and The City Forest.
Joel U. Nettenstrom was an American architect employed as a staff architect in the Bridge and Building Department of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad. Several of the railroad stations he designed are listed in the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
David S. Kenzer is a game designer who has worked primarily on role-playing games.
The men's 200 metres event at the 1965 Summer Universiade was held at the People's Stadium in Budapest on 27 and 28 August 1965.
Eupithecia pauliani is a moth in the  family Geometridae. It is found in Madagascar.
The Shermans were an indie rock band from Stirling, Scotland. They included various styles such as punk, pop, and alternative rock in their music.
The band were signed to Platform Records and their debut single, "Calling It Wrong", was released on 21 April 2007. The single entered the UK Indie Chart and the Scottish charts on 28 April, reaching numbers 20 and 23 respectively. The band's second single, "Venom", was released on 13 April 2009.  The single reached number 10 in the UK Indie Chart and number 7 in Scotland. They announced an "indefinite hiatus" on 27 January 2010, marking the end of The Shermans.
A partial linear space (also semilinear or near-linear space) is a basic incidence structure in the field of incidence geometry, that carries slightly less structure than a linear space.
Air Onix (Ukrainian: Ейр Онікс, Russian: Эйр Оникс) was a Ukrainian airline headquartered in Simferopol (Crimea, Ukraine).
St. Anthony's Catholic High School or SACHS is a Catholic high school established in 1996 and began full operations in 1997. It is situated in Ijofi, Ilesa, Osun State, Nigeria.
DeShaun Dupree Holton (October 2, 1973 – April 11, 2006), known professionally as Proof, was an American rapper and actor from Detroit, Michigan. During his career, he was a member of the groups 5 Elementz, Funky Cowboys, Promatic, Goon Sqwad, and D12. He was a close childhood friend of rapper Eminem, who also lived in Detroit. Proof was often a hype man at Eminem's concerts.
The Commoners' Party (Thai: พรรคสามัญชน) is a political party in Thailand founded on 2 March 2018 by Kittichai Ngamchaipisit, a university dropout and electrician, and Por Gun Tee, a former Oun YT (Youth Training Center) leader. According to Tee, the main goal of the party is to elect poor people to parliament. Instead of trying to represent the poor people and their voices, the party aims to let them speak for themselves, which is why it is called the Commoners' Party. The party's symbol is an equal sign (=).
The commoner movement was founded by activists in 2012 to protest the government's not caring enough about the poor people of Thailand.The ideology of the Commoners' Party is liberal democracy. It opposes the government of Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha. Apart from including poor people and the underprivileged in parliament, the party also agitates for LGBT rights, women's rights, educational reform in the deep south, rights to local natural resources, better universal healthcare, labor rights for both Thai and migrant workers, decentralization and local self-determination.
The Mixtón War (1540-1542) was a rebellion by the Caxcan people of northwestern Mexico against the Spanish conquerors. The war was named after Mixtón, a hill in Zacatecas which served as an Indigenous stronghold.
Sir Arundel Tagg Arundel  (1 July 1843 – 8 November 1925) was a British civil servant and colonial administrator.
Arundel was second son of William Tagg and Rachel Mary Drew. He was educated at University College School and University College London, and entered the Indian Civil Service in 1865. In 1870 he assumed the surname of Arundel.In 1875, he was appointed Private Secretary to the Acting Governor of Madras. In 1880 he became President of the Madras Municipal Commission and a Fellow of Madras University. He 1885 he became a district and sessions judge in the Kistna region, before becoming a collector and magistrate there in 1887. In 1896 he was appointed Secretary to the Madras Government in the Revenue Department, becoming Chief Secretary in 1897. Between 1895 and 1901 he served as a member of the Madras Legislative Council, before serving on the Viceroy's Executive Council from 1901 until his retirement in 1906. He was invested as a Companion of the Order of the Star of India in 1899 and elevated as a Knight Commander in the 1904 New Year Honours.In retirement he was a Justice of the Peace in Surrey.
Bebearia makala is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Central African Republic.
Gold Mountain is an unincorporated community in Plumas County, California. Gold Mountain sits at an elevation of 5,341 feet (1,628 m). The 2010 United States census reported Gold Mountain's population was 80.  For statistical purposes, the United States Census Bureau has defined Gold Mountain as a census-designated place (CDP).
Nong Quanfu (Chinese: 儂全福; pinyin: Nóng Quánfú, Zhuang: Nungz Cienzfuk; ?-1039), also recorded as Nùng Tồn Phúc (Vietnamese: Nùng Tồn Phúc; ; Chữ Hán: 儂存福) was a Nùng/Zhuang chieftain and zhou-level official of Guangyuan located in the modern-day Cao Bang in the 11th century AD. He was the father of the Nùng/Zhuang chieftain Nong Zhigao, who revolted against Annamese rule in 1048, established the Kingdom of Changsheng, and besieged Guangzhou for two months in 1052.
Telecom Plus PLC is a multi-utility supplier based in the United Kingdom. It supplies gas, electricity, landline, broadband and mobile services to residences and businesses. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
A saphena varix, or a saphenous varix is a dilation of the saphenous vein at its junction with the femoral vein in the groin. It is a common surgical problem, and patients may present with groin swelling.
Rötelbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It flows into the Jagst near Mulfingen.
Astrid Hulda Viola Ljungström (nom de plume Attis; 1905–1986) was a Swedish journalist, and war correspondent.In a doctoral thesis by Kristina Lundgren in 2002, she was referred to as one of three soloist female pioneers of Swedish journalism in the 20th century, together with Barbro Alving, and Maud Adlercreutz.
David George Freeman (born 18 June 1984 in Australia) is an Australian business owner, entrepreneur, skydiver and coconut specialist. His most well-known venture has been the creation of the FMCG brand H2coco, known for its three product lines; H2coco Coconut Water, H2Coconut Oil and Cocoespresso.
Freeman illustrated his passion to become an entrepreneur at an early stage, his first business venture was a small marketing & events company which led him to develop an interest in the Sydney hospitality industry where he was offered the opportunity to invest into several bars and restaurants. He also started to develop an interest in construction through working with a project manager learning that management; development & leadership became his key strengths.
Freeman started to research the development of H2Coco in 2009 and launched the brand in 2010, having won various awards for its innovative approach to FMCG.
“The story of Monsieur Jourdan, a botanist and the dervish Mastalishah, a famous sorcerer” (Azerbaijani: Hekayəti Müsyo Jordan həkimi nəbatat və Dərviş Məstəli şah cadukuni-məşhur) the second comedy in four acts by the Azerbaijani writer and playwright Mirza Fatali Akhundov, written in 1850 in the Azerbaijani language. It is noted that the comedy was directed against the medieval feudal ideology, against superstitions. Translated by the author into Russian, it was published in 1851 in the Kavkaz newspaper. The first production on the Russian stage, on the translation of the author, took place in the same year in St. Petersburg, in 1852 the play was staged in Tiflis, and in 1883 - in Nakhchivan.
Monsieur Jourdans prototype was the French natural scientist Claude Thomas Alexis Jordan (1814-1897), who has come for real to the Transcaucasia for the purpose of scientific studies in those years and researched, in particular, the flora of Karabakh, where the action takes place in the comedy. It is even assumed that M. F. Akhundov was personally acquainted with the French scientist and talked with him, which helped him to create the artistic image of the scientist. It is noted that in his work M. F. Akhundov provides true data about the scientific activities of Alexis Jourdan and the amendments he made to the classification of the plants.
Cassa Padana Banca di Credito Cooperativo S.C. is an Italian bank based in Leno, Lombardy region. The bank served the area around Brescia (Val Camonica and Val Trompia) and 8 other provinces of northern Italy.
In terms of branches, the bank is the fourth largest bank among the Federazione Italiana delle Banche di Credito Cooperativo - Casse Rurali ed Artigiane (Federcasse), behind Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Roma, Banca del Territorio Lombardo (71 branches in 2016) and Banca d'Alba. However, in terms of total assets (of 2014), the bank was behind BCC Roma, Banca d'Alba, Banca del Territorio Lombardo (pro forma data), Credito Cooperativo Ravennate e Imolese, Emilbanca, Banca Credito Cooperativo di Brescia, Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Carate Brianza, Banca Centropadana and ChiantiBanca. According to the same research by Ricerche e Studi, the bank was ranked 56th among all types of banks (despite some banks were omitted from the study). The bank was also the member of Federazione Lombarda delle Banche di Credito Cooperativo (6.23% stake).
West Virginia Route 93 is an east–west state highway located in the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia. WV 93 runs from U.S. Route 48 and West Virginia Route 32 in Davis in Tucker County to U.S. Route 220 near Keyser in Mineral County.
The culture of Philadelphia goes back to 1682 when Philadelphia, Pennsylvania was founded by William Penn. Originally inhabited by the Lenape, Philadelphia was envisioned as a place where people could live without fear of persecution because of their religion. As a result, many Quakers, Mennonites, and others came to find refuge within the city. As Philadelphia grew into a major political and economic center of the United States, many different groups of religions and ethnicities flocked to the city. 19th and 20th century immigration and migration led to large concentrations of Irish, Italians, Germans, Asians, Puerto Ricans and African Americans.  Philadelphia is still a major center of immigration, with large Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, East African, Middle Eastern, Indian and Mexican immigrant populations, among others.
The city's cultural prominence has risen and fallen since its founding. The city has made contributions in art, music, television, architecture and food. Philadelphia institutions range from the Philadelphia Museum of Art to Pat's Steaks.
Parliamentary elections were held in Brazil on 15 November 1970. The result was a victory for the National Renewal Alliance Party, which won 223 of the 310 seats in the Chamber of Deputies and 40 of the 46 seats in the Senate. Voter turnout was 77.5% in the Chamber of Deputies election.
Hartlepool Water is a water company that covers the town of Hartlepool in County Durham and surrounding area in the North East of England.  Since 1997 it has been owned by Anglian Water.Hartlepool Water does not provide sewerage services. These are provided by Northumbrian Water.The company was originally formed as the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company in 1846, was re-incorporated into Hartlepool Water Ltd in 1995 and its company name, though not brand and business name, was renamed in 2006 as Osprey Water Services Ltd of Anglian Water's head office (Registered Office) retaining company number 3017251.
Ivan Ribar (Croatian pronunciation: [ǐvan rîbaːr]; 21 January 1881 – 2 February 1968) was a Croatian politician who served in several governments of various form of Yugoslavia. Ideologically a Pan-Slavist and communist, he was a prominent member of the Yugoslav Partisans, who resisted the Nazi occupation of Yugoslavia.
Spanish literature generally refers to literature (Spanish poetry, prose, and drama) written in the Spanish language within the territory that presently constitutes the Kingdom of Spain. Its development coincides and frequently intersects with that of other literary traditions from regions within the same territory, particularly Catalan literature, Galician intersects as well with Latin, Jewish, and Arabic literary traditions of the Iberian peninsula. The literature of Spanish America is an important branch of Spanish literature, with its own particular characteristics dating back to the earliest years of Spain’s conquest of the Americas (see Latin American literature).
The Cayemite long-tailed amphisbaena (Amphisbaena caudalis) is a worm lizard species in the family Amphisbaenidae. It is endemic to Haiti.
Aminivibrio is a Gram-negative genus of bacteria from the family of Synergistaceae with one known species (Aminivibrio pyruvatiphilus). Aminivibrio pyruvatiphilus has been isolated from soil from a rice field.
Katsunosuke Hori (堀 勝之祐, Hori Katsunosuke, born August 1, 1941) is a Japanese actor, voice actor and narrator from the Tokyo Metropolitan area. He is a member of 81 Produce. He is known for dubbing for Harvey Keitel, Robert De Niro, Jon Voight, Charles Dance and many more. He was also the first dubbing voice actor of Alain Delon and Harrison Ford in their early days.
Podborye (Russian: Подборье) is a rural locality (a village) in Orlovskoye Rural Settlement, Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 10 as of 2002.
Barbara Masini (born 22 January 1974) is an Italian politician of Forza Italia serving as Senator from Tuscany.
The Rock of Solutré (French: Roche de Solutré) is a limestone escarpment 8 km (5.0 mi) west of Mâcon, France, overlooking the commune of Solutré-Pouilly. It is an iconic site in the department of Saône-et-Loire, in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. Protected by the French law on sites naturels classés and currently at the heart of a grand site national operation, it draws its fame severally as a rare geological phenomenon of the region, as a prehistoric site of the eponymous Solutrean paleolithic culture, and for the natural environment which its summit provides, the pelouse calciole grassland of Mâcon, with its distinctive flora and fauna. Occupied by man for at least 55,000 years, it is also the cradle of the Pouilly-Fuissé wine appellation. It has attracted media coverage since the 1980s when French President François Mitterrand started to make ritual ascents of the peak once per year.
"Deliver Me" is a song originally released by The Beloved in 1996.  In 1998, Sarah Brightman covered the song on her album Eden. It was a European only single. A second version was released as a charity single in aid of the 1999 Chi-Chi earthquake victims.
One Hundred and One Dalmatians is the soundtrack to the 1961 animated Disney film of the same name. It was recorded on October 5–6, 1960, and is 56:34 in length.  The songs were written by George Bruns and Mel Leven.
The 76th (US) National Board of Review Awards, honoring the best in film for 2004, were given on 11 January 2005.
Andreas Mikkelsen (born 22 June 1989) is a Norwegian rally driver. He is currently competing in the World Rally Championship-2 and the European Rally Championship for Toksport WRT. He previously drove for the factory teams of Volkswagen, Citroën and Hyundai in the World Rally Championship, finishing third in the drivers' standings in 2014, 2015 and 2016. His current co-driver is Elliott Edmondson.
He is a two-time Intercontinental Rally Challenge champion, finishing first in 2011 and 2012. In 2021, Mikkelsen became the drivers' champion in both the WRC-2 and the ERC.
Cameroon submitted a film for the Academy Award for Best International Feature Film for the first time in 1980. The award is handed out annually by the United States Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to a feature-length motion picture produced outside the United States that contains primarily non-English dialogue. It was not created until the 1956 Academy Awards, in which a competitive Academy Award of Merit, known as the Best Foreign Language Film Award, was created for non-English speaking films, and has been given annually since.
The 2009 Ole Miss Rebels football team represented the University of Mississippi during the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was led by Houston Nutt, who was in his second season as the Rebels' head coach. Ole Miss has been a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) since the league's inception in 1932, and has participated in that conference's Western Division since its formation in 1992. The Rebels played their seven home games in 2009 at Vaught–Hemingway Stadium in Oxford, Mississippi, which has been Ole Miss football's home since 1915. The Rebels finished the season 9–4, 4–4 in SEC play and won their second straight Cotton Bowl Classic 21–7 against Oklahoma State.
The Welsh Field Archery Association (WFAA) is the governing body of field archery in Wales. The WFAA is affiliated to the world governing body, the International Field Archery Association (IFAA). which is a member of the leading World Sport for all association TAFISA. The WFAA manages all aspects of the sport in Wales, including governance, national teams, organisation and administration of national and international tournaments.
The Arno was an English automobile manufactured in Coventry only in 1908; the car, which featured a 25hp White and Poppe engine and shaft drive, was introduced at that year's Stanley Show.
Dasolampanel (INN, USAN, code name NGX-426) is an orally bioavailable analog of tezampanel and thereby competitive antagonist of the AMPA and kainate receptors which was under development by Raptor Pharmaceuticals/Torrey Pines Therapeutics for the treatment of chronic pain conditions including neuropathic pain and migraine. It was developed as a follow-on compound to tezampanel, as tezampanel is not bioavailable orally and must be administered by intravenous injection, but ultimately neither drug was ever marketed.
So You've Ruined Your Life is the debut studio album by American band Get Set Go, released on September 30, 2003 through TSR Records. The album displays the band's early pop-punk sound, and is the only album to feature founding members Patrick Flores and Amy Woods in its entirety. The hidden track, "Wait", has been used in the TV series Grey's Anatomy and has been used in the first volume of the series soundtrack.
Parectopa quadristrigella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Colombia.
Dwan Hurt (March 29, 1963 – November 25, 2016) was an American basketball coach and player. He played college basketball for the Gonzaga Bulldogs as a point guard and later coached at Junipero Serra High School for 27 years.
The 1849 California gubernatorial election was held on November 13, 1849, to elect the first governor of California. Peter Hardeman Burnett won in a five-way race.
A military, also known collectively as armed forces, is a heavily armed, highly organized force primarily intended for warfare. It is typically authorized and maintained by a sovereign state, with its members identifiable by their distinct military uniform. It may consist of one or more military branches such as an army, navy, air force, space force, marines, or coast guard. The main task of the military is usually defined as defence of the state and its interests against external armed threats.
In broad usage, the terms armed forces and military are often treated as synonymous, although in technical usage a distinction is sometimes made in which a country's armed forces may include both its military and other paramilitary forces. There are various forms of irregular military forces, not belonging to a recognized state; though they share many attributes with regular military forces, they are less often referred to as simply military.
A nation's military may function as a discrete social subculture, with dedicated infrastructure such as military housing, schools, utilities, logistics, hospitals, legal services, food production, finance, and banking services. Beyond warfare, the military may be employed in additional sanctioned and non-sanctioned functions within the state, including internal security threats, population control, the promotion of a political agenda, emergency services and reconstruction, protecting corporate economic interests, social ceremonies and national honour guards.The profession of soldiering as part of a military is older than recorded history itself. Some of the most enduring images of  classical antiquity portray the power and feats of its military leaders. The Battle of Kadesh in 1274 BC was one of the defining points of Pharaoh Ramses II's reign, and his monuments commemorate it in bas-relief. A thousand years later, the first emperor of unified China, Qin Shi Huang, was so determined to impress the gods with his military might that he had himself buried with an army of  terracotta soldiers.
The  Romans paid considerable attention to military matters, leaving to posterity many treatises and writings on the subject, as well as many lavishly carved triumphal arches and victory columns.
Captain Sydney Dalrymple  (11 May 1885 – ?), was an Australian First World War flying ace, credited with five aerial victories while serving in the British Royal Flying Corps and Royal Air Force.
José Sahuquillo (born 9 January 1939) is a Spanish rower. He competed in the men's coxed pair event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Sai Baba of Shirdi (died 15 October 1918), also known as Shirdi Sai Baba, was an Indian spiritual master who is regarded by his devotees to be a manifestation of Sri Dattaguru and identified as a saint and a fakir. He was likely born around 1838 and was revered by both his Hindu and Muslim devotees during, as well as after, his lifetime.
According to accounts from his life, he preached the importance of "realization of the self" and criticized "love towards perishable things". His teachings concentrate on a moral code of love, forgiveness, helping others, charity, contentment, inner peace and devotion to the God and guru. He stressed the importance of surrender to the true Satguru, who, having trod the path to divine consciousness, will lead the disciple through the jungle of spiritual training.Sai Baba also condemned distinction based on religion or caste. It remains unclear if he was a Muslim or a Hindu. This, however, was of no consequence to Sai Baba. His teachings combined elements of Hinduism and Islam: he gave the Hindu name Dwarakamayi to the mosque in which he lived, practised both Hindu and Muslim rituals, taught using words and figures that drew from both traditions and took samadhi in Shirdi. One of his well-known epigrams, Allah Malik (God is King) and Sabka Malik Ek (Everyone's Master is One), is associated with both Hinduism and Islam. He is also known to have said "Look to me, and I shall look to you" and Allah tera bhala karega.
Speed skating has been featured as a sport in the Winter Olympics since the first winter games in 1924.  Women's events were added to the Olympic program for the first time in 1960 Squaw Valley Olympics.
The Sweden men's national field hockey team represents Sweden in international field hockey competitions.
CoreMedia is a global provider of digital experience solutions with corporate headquarters in Hamburg, Germany and U.S. headquarters in Arlington, Virginia. The company was founded in 1996 and has additional offices in Washington DC, Singapore and London.
Its flagship product, LiveContext 3, is a Content Management System built for eCommerce Scenarios.
Dascyllus abudafur, the Indian Ocean humbug,  is a species of ray-finned fish from the family Pomacentridae, the clownfishes and damselfishes. It is found from  the Red Sea, along the coasts of eastern Africa to South Africa, the Seychelles, Comoros, Madagascar and Mascarene Islands east to the Sunda Islands. It has been classified as synonymous with the Pacific humbug Dascyllus aruanus  and is not included in FishBase but studies have shown that the two taxa were shown to be genetically and morphologically different. The specific name is derived from the Arabic word for this species Abu-dafur Jabûd.
The Black Halo is the highly acclaimed, seventh full-length album by the American power metal band Kamelot. It was released on March 15, 2005, through Steamhammer Records. It is a concept album inspired by Goethe's Faust. Continuing the story introduced in Epica (2003), it is the second and final record in Kamelot's two-part rock opera about Ariel (a character based on Heinrich Faust).  Epica tells Part 1 while The Black Halo tells Part 2.  Goethe's Faust is also broken into two parts.  The Black Halo features guest appearances by Simone Simons (Epica), Shagrath (Dimmu Borgir), Jens Johansson (Stratovarius), and several others. The album was released on vinyl in the spring of 2009, along with Ghost Opera (2007).
Black Rainbow Sound is the third studio album by English band Menace Beach. It was released on September 7, 2018 under Memphis Industries.
Port Royal is a toponym for a rural intersection on the north bank of the Annapolis Basin about 8 km (5.0 mi) from the town of Annapolis Royal in Annapolis County, Nova Scotia, Canada. It has no legal status in local government. It is the site of the Port-Royal National Historic Site, a replica of an Acadian settlement that existed from 1605 until its destruction by the English in 1613.
Smith Cove (formerly known as "Smith's Cove") is a body of water, the northern part of Seattle, Washington's Elliott Bay, immediately south of the area that has been known since 1894  as Interbay. More precisely, it is the part of the bay that lies north of a line running southeasterly from the west end of Elliott Bay Marina in the northwest to the far northwest tip of Myrtle Edwards Park in the southeast.It is home to the Port of Seattle's Piers 90 and 91, in addition to the marina.The cove was named after Dr. Henry A. Smith of Wooster, Ohio, who, in 1853, was one of the first whites to settle in what is now Seattle. It was briefly a candidate to be the heart of the emerging city. The cove and its tide flats once stretched as far north as what is now the Interbay Athletic Field. James J. Hill bought 600 acres (2.4 km2) of these tide flats in 1892 and had them filled in for the western terminal of the Great Northern Railway. At one time, the terminal included a switchyard, roundhouse, grain elevators, and warehouses as well as piers for oceangoing ships. Today, the rail yards of the BNSF Railway remain, as does the aforementioned athletic field. Other present-day features on landfill in what was formerly the cove are the Interbay Golf Center and the Washington Army National Guard Armory.
Lopezaria is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.
The Central Station (also known as the Sebring Fire Station) is a historic site in Sebring, Florida, United States. It is located at 301 North Mango Street. The architect was William J Heim and it was built in 1927. It is an example of Art Deco style. On August 14, 1989, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Zenkovići is a village in the municipality of Sanski Most, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Gayathri Raguram  is an Indian actress and politician who has worked in the South Indian film industry. Gayathri began her career as an actress in the 2002 film Charlie Chaplin and after a career break, she began working as a choreographer in films from 2008 till 2019. In 2020 she became a politician and became a member in BJP and decided to no longer acts in films. She is the president of Arts and Culture Wing of Tamil Nadu BJP.
Hu Gadarn (Hu the Mighty) is a supposed Welsh legendary figure who appears in several of a series of Welsh Triads produced by the Welsh antiquarian and literary forger Iolo Morganwg. These triads, which Iolo put forth as medieval works, present Hu as a culture hero of the ancient Britons who introduced ploughing. However, it is now known that the triads, like all of the so-called "Third Series" of triads, were fabricated by Iolo himself. The name "Hu Gadarn" earlier appeared in a Welsh translation of a French romance about Charlemagne. Still, Iolo's version of Hu Gadarn was taken up in the 20th century by the poet Robert Graves, who associated him with other Celtic figures; since then he has been popular among neopagans.
The Dedham Historical Society and Museum is a historical society dedicated to preserve and establish a greater sense of appreciation for the history of Dedham, Massachusetts.  It consists of a museum and an archive. As of 2002, it had nearly 1,000 members.
Carsten Staur (born 9 November 1954) is the Permanent Representative of Denmark to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and the Permanent Delegate to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in Paris. Prior to this he was Denmark's Permanent Representative to the United Nations in Geneva (2013-2018), and before that Permanent Representative to the United Nations in New York (2007-2013).
Ambassador Staur has chaired UNHCR's Executive Committee (2015-2016), the drafting Committee of the 32nd International Red Cross and Red Crescent Conference (2015), and the Board of UNDP, UNFPA, and UNOPS (2007-2008). He also served as Vice-Chair of the Council of the International Organization for Migration (IOM) from 2016 to 2018; and was a Member of the Board of the Global Fund against Aids, Tuberculosis and Malaria (GFATM) from 2005 to 2007 and again from 2016 to 2018.
Carsten Staur has an extensive background in development cooperation. He was State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 2001 to 2007 with responsibility for the implementation of Denmark's development assistance programme (Danida). As State Secretary, he was also in charge of Denmark's cooperation with the United Nations system and the World Bank.
From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Staur served as Denmark's Ambassador to Israel. He then became Under Secretary for Administrative Affairs (1998-2000) and later Under Secretary for Bilateral Development Cooperation (2000-2001).
Carsten Staur joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark in 1981. He holds a MA degree (History and Literature) from the University of Copenhagen.
Mr. Staur has published the books: “Shared Responsibility. The United Nations in the Age of Globalization”, McGill-Queens's University Press, 2013; and “Skilleveje. Dansk udenrigspolitik i 250 år”, Gads Forlag, 2020 (in Danish).
In the 2004 Kazakh legislative election, the party won 11.4% of the popular vote and 4 out of 77 seats in the Mazhilis. Following calls from its leader Dariga Nazarbayeva for a united ruling party, and allegations that her father was becoming increasingly concerned by the group's independence, Asar merged with Otan.
The Lovers is a musical by Laura Murphy based on Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream. The adaptation refocuses the story with a modern perspective on self-love and empowerment.It is scheduled to be performed from 23 October to 20 November 2022 at the Sydney Opera House, presented by Bell Shakespeare. It will be the first musical performed by Bell Shakespeare.
Nueva Paz (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈnweβa pas]) is a municipality and town in the Mayabeque Province of Cuba.
His Beatitude Aboon Mor Baselios Cyril First born 30th July 1956) is the current Metropolitan ("Valiya Methrapolitha") and the primate of the Malabar Independent Syrian Church also known as Thozhyur Sabha (Thozhyur Church) or Anjoor Church. 
Known earlier as Rev. Fr. K. C. Sunny, he was elected unanimously by the Sabha Mandalam (synod of the church) at its meeting held on 10 December 2000 as Metropolitan-elect. He was consecrated on 3 March 2001 as ramban and as bishop on 10 March 2001 with the name Cyril Mar Baselius. On 28 May 2001 he was installed as Metropolitan Mar Baselius I primate of the Malabar Independent Syrian Church.
SS Malabar (1858), a P & O steamship launched 1858; wrecked at Point de Galle 1860
MV Malabar (1925), a steamship that wrecked at Sydney, Australia on 2 April 1931. All 108 passengers and crew survived. The town of Malabar within Randwick City Council is named after the ship.
Gunduz Kalic is a theatre director, acting coach and actor especially interested in the renewal of theatre as popular gathering. Awarded the title Professor of Theatre by Bath Spa University, UK where he worked until late 2008, Kalic's career has centred on play based actor training, theatre for non-theatregoers and radical political theatre. Over five decades, he has worked in Turkey, Greece, the UK, Australia, the Netherlands, Canada and India and taught and / or collaborated with a broad range of artists - including actors, directors, poets, writers, composers, songwriters, singers, musicians, Applied Drama workers, cabaret artists, designers, painters and sculptors.
The 122nd Fighter Aviation Squadron (Serbo-Croatian: 122. lovačka avijacijska eskadrila / 122. ловачка авијацијска ескадрила) was an aviation squadron of Yugoslav Air Force established in April 1961 as part of 94th Fighter Aviation Regiment at Skopski Petrovac military airport.
It was equipped with US-made North American F-86E Sabre jet fighter aircraft.
By the end of 1964 the 83rd Fighter Aviation Regiment has been disbanded per the "Drvar 2" reorganization plan. The 122nd Fighter Aviation Squadron was also disbanded. Its personnel and equipment were attached to 123rd Fighter Aviation Squadron.
Ribeirãozinho is a municipality in the state of Mato Grosso in the Central-West Region of Brazil.
Prince Charming is a German reality dating show that premiered on October 30, 2019, streaming on premium sector of TVNOW and began airing on April 20, 2020, on television on VOX. The concept of the show is modeled after Der Bachelor, but with gay men and instead of having a rose ceremony, it features a black tie ceremony.The second season began streaming on October 12, 2020, on TVNOW and began airing on television on October 19, 2020, on VOX. On November 23, 2020, the show was extended for a third season, which began streaming on August 17, 2021, on TVNOW. The show was renewed for a fourth season in October of the same year.It was announced that Princess Charming, with lesbian women, will begin streaming on TVNOW in 2021.
Ester is a former civil parish in the municipality of Castro Daire in the district of Viseu, Portugal. In 2013, the parish merged into the new parish Parada de Ester e Ester. It has 11.5 km2 and had 220 inhabitants in the 2011 census.
Fabes la granxa (Asturian, beans of La Granja, a town in Spain) are a type of white runner bean cultivated in the autonomous community of Asturias.  It is primarily used as an ingredient of Fabada Asturiana.
For beans (legumes) to qualify as Fabes la granja they must have the following characteristics:
colour and shade: sparky white.This variety has a high fat content, which makes it especially smooth and greasy.
The 1985 Lilian Cup was the 4th season of the competition. The four top placed teams for the previous season took part in the competition.
The competition was held in two stages. First, the four teams played a round-robin tournament, after which the two top teams played for the cup, while the bottom teams played for the third place. The competition was held between 31 August and 10 September 1985.
The competition was won by Beitar Jerusalem, who had beaten Maccabi Petah Tikva 3–1 in the final.
A10 Networks is a U.S. public company specializing in the manufacturing of application delivery controllers (software and hardware). Founded in 2004 by Lee Chen, co-founder of Foundry Networks, A10 originally serviced just the identity management market with its line of ID Series products. In early 2007, they added bandwidth management appliances (EX Series). The company had its initial public offering on March 21, 2014, raising $187.5 million.
The density ratio of a column of seawater is a measure of the relative contributions of temperature and salinity in determining the density gradient. At a density ratio of 1, temperature and salinity are said to be compensated: their density signatures cancel, leaving a density gradient of zero.  The formula for the density ratio, R, is:
z is the vertical coordinate (with subscript denoting differentiation by z)
β = ρ−1∂ρ/∂S is the haline contraction coefficientWhen a water column is "doubly stable"—both temperature and salinity contribute to the stable density gradient—the density ratio is negative (a doubly unstable water column would also have a negative density ratio but does not commonly occur).  A statically stable water column with a density ratio between 0 and 1 (cool fresh overlying warm salty) can support diffusive convection, and a statically stable water column with a density ratio larger than 1 can support salt fingering.
Density ratio may also be used to describe thermohaline variability over a non-vertical spatial interval, such as across a front in the mixed layer.If the signs of both the numerator and denominator are reversed, the density ratio remains unchanged. A related quantity which avoids this ambiguity as well as the infinite values possible when the denominator vanishes is the Turner angle, Tu.
Charles Anderson (1883 – after 1937) was an American vaudeville entertainer, singer and female impersonator, known as a pioneer performer of blues songs.
The Novares Group is a French manufacturer of car parts. It was started in 1955 by Charles Manni, and was previously known as Mecaplast. Thierry Manni is chairman of the board, and the chief executive officer is Pierre Boulet. Mecaplast merged with Key Plastics in 2016, and in 2017 the combined firm changed its name to Novares.
Kikonai (木古内町, Kikonai-chō) is a town located in Oshima Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan.
As of September 2016, the town has an estimated population of 4,448, and a density of 20 persons per km². The total area is 221.88 km².
SIPCOT IT Park  Information Technology located in Siruseri in the city of Chennai, along the IT Corridor, Chengalpattu District, India. It is developed in 782.51 acres (4 km2) of land by SIPCOT, the State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu, a fully government-owned institution. Founded in 1971, it is the largest IT park in Asia.
Grégory Thil (born 15 March 1980) is a French professional footballer who plays as a forward.
Lu Yen-hsun (Chinese: 盧彥勳; born 14 August 1983) is a Taiwanese retired professional tennis player, who goes by the nickname Rendy Lu.
He won the most titles on the ATP Challenger Tour in tennis history. His favorite surface is hardcourt, though several of his ATP Tour career highlights came on grass, including reaching the quarterfinals of the 2010 Wimbledon Championships.
Compton Valence is a small village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southern England. It lies approximately 7 miles (11 km) west of the county town Dorchester. It is sited at the head of a narrow valley, formed by a small tributary of the River Frome, and is surrounded by the hills of the Dorset Downs, which has led to it having been described as "a pocket of habitation in the downs." Dorset County Council estimate that in 2013 the population of the parish was 50.The parish church has a 15th-century tower, but the rest of the building was rebuilt in 1838–1839 by Benjamin Ferrey. The church is a Grade II* listed building.The locality is known to geologists for the 'Compton Valence Dome', arising from the local upcoming of the chalk strata. The core of this geological structure has been eroded to reveal the older underlying Middle Jurassic mudstones. It lies astride the Wynford Fault and is thought to arise from a complex intersection of faults in the area.Compton Valence is known locally for its display of snowdrops, which fill the road verges in late winter.
WTMJ (620 AM) is a broadcast radio station station licensed to Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Owned by Good Karma Brands, the station has a news/talk format.
The station first signed on in 1922 as WCAY. The call sign changed to WKAF in 1925. In 1927, The Milwaukee Journal (later Milwaukee Journal Sentinel) purchased the station and changed its call sign to the present WTMJ. For nearly nine decades, WTMJ was the flagship radio station of Journal Sentinel parent company Journal Media Group until the E. W. Scripps Company bought WTMJ and its sister radio stations in 2014. In 2018, Good Karma Brands purchased WTMJ and other Scripps radio stations in Milwaukee.
Throughout its history, WTMJ has been the highest-rated radio station in Milwaukee. The station originally had a full service format with news, sports, and music such as middle of the road and adult contemporary before dropping music in 1990. WTMJ has local news and talk programming for much of its schedule. In addition, WTMJ is the flagship station for Milwaukee Brewers baseball, and Milwaukee Bucks basketball. From 1927 to 2014, WTMJ was the flagship station for University of Wisconsin sports, and from 1929 until 2021 the flagship station for Green Bay Packers football.
San Juan del Monte is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.
Raimond is a lunar impact crater that lies on the Moon's far side. Less than one crater diameter to the northeast is Bredikhin, and farther to the west is McMath. To the north-northwest lies the prominent crater Jackson, which is surrounded by a large ray system. Raimond is almost completely covered by this ray material, and a pair of prominent rays cross the northeastern and southwestern portions of the crater.This crater is slightly elongated along the east–west axis, giving is a slightly oblong appearance. The rim edge is moderately worn, although no significant impacts lie across the edge. The interior is relatively featureless, with only a few small craterlets and the ray material from Jackson crater to mark the surface.
Sigma Sound Studios was a recording studio in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1968 by recording engineer Joseph Tarsia.Located at 212 North 12th Street in Philadelphia, it was one of the first studios in the United States to offer 24-track recording capacity and the first anywhere to successfully employ console automation. Tarsia, formerly chief engineer at Philadelphia's Cameo-Parkway Studios, also opened Sigma Sound Studios of New York City in 1977, at the Ed Sullivan Theater building.
From the beginning, Sigma Sound was strongly associated with Philadelphia soul and, in the 1970s, the sound of Gamble and Huff's Philadelphia International Records (its driving rhythm a precursor to disco music), as well as the classic, sophisticated productions of Thom Bell. Both featured large productions with strings and horns creating what became known as the "Philadelphia Sound". Their success attracted many artists and producers from various music genres across the US, as well as Europe and Japan. By the late 1970s, Sigma was operating 10 music rooms on a 24-7 schedule. Sigma's long-time general manager, Harry Chipetz, managed the business operations and worked hand-in-hand with Tarsia in developing a staff that numbered close to 50 at its peak. Sigma is credited with well over 200 gold and platinum awards with an extensive client list that begins with Aretha Franklin and ends with ZZ Top.
David Bowie recorded much of his album Young Americans in August 1974 at Sigma Philadelphia.  Madonna used the New York studios to record her 1983 debut album, Madonna. On April 15, 1972, singer-songwriter and pianist Billy Joel and his touring band played an hour-long concert at Sigma Studios. The recording of "Captain Jack" from this event received extensive radio play in the Philadelphia area, long before Joel became widely known, which helped him establish a national following.
Tarsia sold the New York studios in 1988 and the Philadelphia location in 2003, but they still retained the Sigma Sound Studios name.  The 6,000 unclaimed tapes from Sigma's 35-year-old tape library are now part of The Drexel University Audio Archive.
It was reported in the April 2015 issue of Pro Sound News, (a NewBay Media publication), that "the building that houses the historic Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia has been sold for $1.55 million, with the intention of renovating the space for office, retail or residential use." The studios had closed for business in 2014, according to the www.philly.com website. When checked on April 9, 2015, the Sigma Sound Studios website was still available for viewing, but it has since been taken down.
On October 15, 2015, the original building for Sigma Sound Studios was officially dedicated as a historic site by the City of Philadelphia. The historic site marker was placed at 212 N. 12th Street.
Melbourne Showgrounds is located in the inner north-western suburb of Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, next door to Flemington Racecourse. The largest and most flexible indoor/outdoor venue space in Melbourne the Showgrounds is the home of the annual Royal Melbourne Show, as well as major exhibitions, trade shows, and music concerts, including the Supanova Pop Culture Expo, the Caravan & Camping Touring Supershow and MotoExpo.
The venue has also been the selected site for TV and film production and is the current filming location for MasterChef Australia.
It has previously been used for large music festivals – as of 2010, it plays host to  Stereosonic until the Festivals end in 2015.
It also was used on the last show on The Police's Synchronicity Tour, their last world tour, before they re-united briefly to play three concerts for the Amnesty International A Conspiracy of Hope Tour and reuniting in the studio.
JGB is an American rock band led by Melvin Seals, who plays electric organ.  Its mission is to continue the musical legacy of the Jerry Garcia Band, of which Seals was a longtime member.
Short Dogs Grow was an American alternative rock group, based in San Francisco, that released two albums on Rough Trade Records in 1987 and 1988.
Fellow Bay Area group Samiam counted this band as a major early influence. Samiam guitarist Sergie Loobkoff said, "There was also a local band called Short Dogs Grow that we were really into. They had this great sound that was similar to early Soul Asylum."Short Dogs Grow included Tom Pitts, who went on to a notable career as a writer, mainly of dark crime fiction. Many of Pitts' books are available in public libraries throughout California.
Jonathan Zaccaï (born 22 July 1970) is a Belgian actor, film director and screenwriter. He is the nephew of René Kalisky. 
His acting credits include The Beat That My Heart Skipped, A Distant Neighborhood, The True Story of My Life in Rouen, The Role of Her Life, They Came Back.
He received the Magritte Award for Best Actor for Private Lessons.
Brckovljani is a village and a municipality in Zagreb County, Croatia.
According to the 2001 Croatian census, there are 6,837 inhabitants, in the following settlements:
Lake Miccosukee is a large swampy prairie lake in northern Jefferson County, Florida, located east of the settlement of Miccosukee. A small portion of the lake, its northwest corner, is located in Leon County. The small town of Miccosukee, Florida is located on the north eastern shore of the lake in Leon County.
Johan Anegrund (born 31 March 1973) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a defender. During his club career, Anegrund played for Skiljebo SK, IFK Göteborg, Västra Frölunda IF and Örgryte IS. He made 1 appearance for the Sweden national team.
Fudbalski klub Berane (Cyrillic: Фудбалски клуб Беране) is a Montenegrin football club based in Berane. Established at 1920, the club plays in the Second League of Montenegro.
Chloropicus is a genus of birds in the woodpecker family Picidae that are native to Sub-Saharan Africa.
The R.H. Cowan Livery Stable, at 220 Maxwell Ave. in Springer, New Mexico, was built in 1883.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It is a 50 by 140 feet (15 m × 43 m) building with 18 inches (0.46 m) thick walls made of sandstone rubble.  In 1979 the building was "shaded on the north by an enormous cottonwood".  On its gable front there is a round window with the words "R. H. Cowan Livery Stable" above, and, in 1979 it also showed "1883", although the date of construction was not fully readable. Historic photos show it fully.
Parklands High School was a secondary school located in the Speke area of Liverpool, England. It closed in summer 2014 with pupils transferring to other local schools.The school was located on Ganworth Road in Speke, Liverpool.
The school opened in 2002 as a replacement for Speke Comprehensive School. The school was placed into special measures following a 2013 Ofsted inspection.
Kyle Hayes (born 1998) is an Irish hurler who plays for Limerick Senior Championship club Kildimo-Pallaskenry and at inter-county level with the Limerick senior hurling team. He usually lines out as a left wing-back.
The 2019–20 season is Kitchee's 41st season in the top-tier division in Hong Kong football. Kitchee has competed in the Premier League, Senior Challenge Shield, FA Cup, Sapling Cup and AFC Cup this season.
The European Students' Union (ESU) is the umbrella organisation of 45 national unions of students from 40 countries, representing almost 20 million students. ESU aims to represent and promote the educational, social, economic and cultural interests of students at a European level towards all relevant bodies and, in particular, those of the European Union, Council of Europe and UNESCO. ESU represents the students' voice in Europe by being a consultative member of the Bologna Process. ESU is also a full member of the European Youth Forum (YFJ), the ESU nominee for 2006, was elected as YFJ president.
Francisca Ashietey-Odunton is a Ghanaian journalist, broadcaster and diplomat. She was formerly the Acting Director-General of the Ghana Broadcasting Corporation and currently Ghana's high commissioner to Kenya.
John Chapman (September 26, 1774 – March 18, 1845), better known as Johnny Appleseed, was an American pioneer nurseryman who introduced apple trees to large parts of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Ontario, as well as the northern counties of present-day West Virginia. He became an American legend while still alive, due to his kind, generous ways, his leadership in conservation, and the symbolic importance he attributed to apples. He was also a missionary for The New Church (Swedenborgian) and the inspiration for many museums and historical sites such as the Johnny Appleseed Museum in Urbana, Ohio. The Fort Wayne TinCaps, a minor league baseball team in Fort Wayne, Indiana, where Chapman spent his final years, is named in his honor.
LeParis Dade, known professionally as OMB Peezy, is an American rapper based in Sacramento, California. He is originally from Mobile, Alabama.
Variimorda fagniezi is a species of tumbling flower beetles in the subfamily Mordellinae of the family Mordellidae.
The AR 289 Bridge Over English Creek is a historic bridge in rural eastern Fulton County, Arkansas.  The bridge, a single-span steel Pratt through-truss structure, carries Arkansas Highway 289 over English Creek south of Mammoth Spring.  The span is 122 feet (37 m) long and 20 feet (6.1 m) wide, and rests on concrete abutments.  Built in 1929 by the Virginia Bridge and Iron Company, it is important as a well-preserved example of its type in Fulton County, and for its historical role in transportation in the region.The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
Daraganj is a prominent suburb and a landmark in the city of Prayagraj. It is the oldest suburb of Prayag at the bank of celestial river Ganges and not far from Triveni Sangam - the confluence of three sacred rivers: the Ganges and Yamuna, and the third  invisible river Saraswati. Thus, Daraganj is essentially a theoretical and philosophical reference point of city now called Prayagraj.
Haagse Hout (Dutch pronunciation: [ɦaːxsə ˈɦʌut], literally Woods of The Hague) is one of the eight districts of The Hague. This area was originally called Die Haghe Houte, which later became the current Haagse Hout. The district has 45,600 residents as of 2018. It is located in the north-east of the city, bordering Wassenaar to the north and Leidschendam-Voorburg to the east. Haagse Hout is divided into four neighbourhoods:
Haagse BosBezuidenhout is usually divided further into Bezuidenhout East and Bezuidenhout West. Mariahoeve and Marlot are also sometimes separately named. Villapark Marlot has the highest income of The Hague, and is one of the greener areas. The Haagse Bos is the largest green area, almost completely covered by parks and fields.  This city park divides Haagse Hout into two: Benoordenhout and Bezuidenhout (literally North of the Woods and South of the Woods).
Jupiter (ジュピター, Jupitā) is Japanese rock band Bump of Chicken's third and major debut studio album, released on February 20, 2002. It peaked at #1 on the Oricon Weekly Charts. Jupiter was #45 on the 2002 Oricon Top 100 Albums.
Stephanie Fey, who also publishes under the names Rebecca Abe, Stephanie Schuster and Ida Ding, (born 1967, in Starnberg) is a German writer and illustrator.
Lucius Cornelius Balbus (fl. 1st century BC) was a Roman politician and general of Punic origin from Gades. Although from a family of naturalized foreigners (he received Roman citizenship at the same time as his uncle, around 72 BC) he did valuable services for the early Roman Empire and also contributed to public architecture of its capital.
Sheldon Beise (September 15, 1911 – April 1, 1960) was an American football player and coach.
Prenylcysteine oxidase 1 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the PCYOX1 gene.
Anton Mikhaylovich Burenkov (Russian: Антон Михайлович Буренков; born 25 April 1986) is a former Russian football midfielder.
The Montenegrin Sports Academy (MSA) is a sport scientific society founded in 2003 in Podgorica, Montenegro, dedicated to the collection, generation and dissemination of scientific knowledge in the multidisciplinary area of sports sciences. The spirit of this non-profit organization is to promote sports science worldwide and share the knowledge among sport scientists.
Suba-Simbiti (Kisuba, Kisimbiti) is a Bantu language of Tanzania. Suba-Simbiti is spoken by six groups in the Tarime region of Tanzania. This include Hacha, Kine, Sweta, Simbiti and Kiroba. The total number of speakers is in the region of 110,000.
Madison City Schools is a school district headquartered in and serving Madison, Alabama.
The Daikoku Route (大黒線, Daikoku-sen), signed as Route K5, is one of the tolled routes of the Shuto Expressway system serving the Greater Tokyo Area and is one of seven of the routes in the system serving Kanagawa Prefecture.
Maximilian Joseph Wagenbauer (1775 Grafing - 1829 Munich), was a Bavarian artist.
After finishing school, Wagenbauer attended drawing classes in Munich, under Johann Jakob Dorner the Elder (1741-1813). At the turn of the 19th century he was producing mostly Neo-Classical watercolour landscapes. He served in the military from 1797 to 1801, receiving a royal artist's annuity after his service through the influence of Johann Christian von Mannlich (1741-1822), architect and general building director of the dukes of Zweibrücken. A condition of the royal stipend was that he produce paintings. He was appointed artist to the court and cabinet in 1802 and Inspector of the Royal Paintings Gallery in 1815. Wagenbauer focused increasingly on oil painting after 1810 and enjoyed the patronage of Maximilian I Joseph of Bavaria, who in 1811 commissioned him, Cantius Dillis (1779-1856) and Johann Jakob Dorner the Younger (1775-1852) to decorate the banquet hall at Schloss Nymphenburg with large paintings of Bavarian lakes.
In 1814 Wagenbauer toured Upper Bavaria. At that time he was a member of the art academies of Hanau, Berlin and Munich. Max Wagenbauer discovered numerous areas in Bavaria.  Wagenbauer's works departed from the classic tradition. He developed his own methodology where he combined careful observation with detailed study of nature, which became the cornerstones of his depictions of landscape. His paintings extolled the beauty of the Bavarian landscape, and inspired by Adriaen van de Velde and Paulus Potter, he produced a large number of animal studies. Wagenbauer also focused significantly on painting animals, a genre in which the influences of such artists as Adriaen van de Velde and Paulus Potter were evident. The genius of Wagenbauer was in the fact that even when inspired by other artists his own style was never overshadowed by theirs, thus resulting in a unique work.
Jackie Payne (born September 26, 1945) is an American blues singer. He was nominated in both 2007 and 2008 for the Blues Music Award for Best Male Soul Blues Artist; an album he recorded with Johnny Otis was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1993. He is the nephew of the blues harmonica player Neal Pattman.
Areca Backup is an Open Source personal file backup software developed in Java. It is released under the GNU General Public License (GPL) 2.
Mike Getchell is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the Western Soccer Alliance, Mexican Primera División, Major Indoor Soccer League and American Professional Soccer League.  He is the Managing Director Latin America for DHR International.
The Three Patriarchs (formerly known as the Three Wise Men) is a set of three sandstone monoliths on the west side of Zion Canyon in Zion National Park in Washington County, Utah, United States. The three main peaks were named by Frederick Fisher in 1916 for the biblical figures Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. The Court of the Patriarchs is the  cliff that runs along the south face of the Three Partiarchs.
Microhypsibiidae is a family of water bear or moss piglet, a tardigrade in the class Eutardigrada.
A mountain man is an explorer who lives in the wilderness. Mountain men were most common in the North American Rocky Mountains from about 1810 through to the 1880s (with a peak population in the early 1840s). They were instrumental in opening up the various emigrant trails (widened into wagon roads) allowing Americans in the east to settle the new territories of the far west by organized wagon trains traveling over roads explored and in many cases, physically improved by the mountain men and the big fur companies originally to serve the mule train based inland fur trade.
They arose in a natural geographic and economic expansion that was driven by the lucrative earnings available in the North American fur trade, in the wake of the various 1806–07 published accounts of the Lewis and Clark Expeditions' findings about the Rockies and the Oregon Country where they flourished economically for over three decades. By the time two new international treaties in early 1846 and early 1848 officially settled new western coastal territories in the United States and spurred a large upsurge in migration, the days of mountain men making a good living by fur trapping had largely ended. The fur industry was failing because of reduced demand and over trapping. With the rise of the silk trade and quick collapse of the North American beaver-based fur trade in the 1830s–1840s, many of the mountain men settled into jobs as Army scouts or wagon train guides or settled throughout the lands which they had helped open up. Others, like William Sublette, opened fort-trading posts along the Oregon Trail to service the remnant fur trade and the settlers heading west.
Johann Traugott Leberecht Danz (31 May 1769 – 15 May 1851) was a German Lutheran theologian and church historian born in Weimar.
In 1787 he began his studies at Jena, where he had as instructors, Johann Jakob Griesbach, Johann Christoph Döderlein and Johann Gottfried Eichhorn. In 1791 he continued his studies at the University of Göttingen, and afterwards returned to Weimar as a secondary school teacher. In 1809 he received his habilitation at Jena, and during the following year became an associate professor. From 1812 to 1838 he was a full professor of theology at the University of Jena.
Among his better written efforts were editions of Plautus (1806–9, 3 parts) and Aeschylus (1805–8, 2 parts), as well as a new edition of Johann Georg Walch's Bibliotheca patristica. He also published a two-volume textbook of church history (1816–26), and was editor of Johann Gottfried Herder's Ansichten des klassischen Alterthums (Views of Classical Antiquity 1805-6).
Perche Creek, or Roche Perche Creek is a stream in Boone and Randolph counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. Besides the Missouri River it is the largest stream in Boone County, Missouri and forms much of the western border of the city of Columbia, Missouri. The northern source is in southeast Randolph County approximately six miles south of Moberly.Perche Creek was named for a natural bridge on a cliff of the Missouri River near the former location of the mouth of the Perche. The Missouri French called it Roche Perche ("pierced rock") and the Kentuckians and Virginians who settled Boone County adopted the name from them. Currently the Roche Perche flows into the Missouri River about a mile north of Providence.
Burnie/Yeoman Cricket Club (BYCC) is a cricket team which represents Burnie  in the North Western Tasmanian Cricket Association grade cricket competition, in the Australian state of Tasmania.
Zorlu Center is a multiple-use complex in the Beşiktaş district of Istanbul, Turkey containing an upscale shopping mall, a five-star Raffles hotel and a Cinemaximum megaplex, as well as residences and offices. It is home to Zorlu PSM, the largest performing arts center in the country, as well as the country's first Apple Store.Built in 2013 to a design by Emre Arolat Architects and Tabanlıoğlu Architects, the center is situated at the junction of the European connection of the Bosphorus Bridge and Büyükdere Avenue, which runs through the central business districts of Levent and Maslak.
Dubovoye (Russian: Дубовое) is a rural locality (a settlement) and the administrative center of Dubovskoye Rural Settlement, Belgorodsky District, Belgorod Oblast, Russia. The population was 8,627 as of 2010. There are 225 streets.
Junior Mance Trio at the Village Vanguard is a live album by jazz pianist Junior Mance which was recorded at the Village Vanguard in 1961 and released on the Jazzland label.
Lidiia Alekseevna Alekseeva, née Devel (1909–1989) was a Russian émigré poet and writer of short stories. She was among the group of Russians who were forced to emigrate from the country after the rise of Bolshevism. Her writing reflects this hardship but also contains hints of optimism and beauty. Alekseeva was also a teacher and book reviewer.
Kyrgyzstan will compete at the 2017 World Championships in Athletics in London, Great Britain, from 4–13 August 2017.
The flag and pennant patterns are commonly found patterns in the price charts of financially traded assets (stocks, bonds, futures, etc.). The patterns are characterized by a clear direction of the price trend, followed by a consolidation and rangebound movement, which is then followed by a resumption of the trend. They are continuation patterns, and forms when the prices of stocks rallies sharply.
Charles William Clinton (1838–1910) was an American architect.  From 1894 until his death, Clinton was a partner of the prominent firm of Clinton and Russell, but from 1858 through 1894 he conducted his own significant career.
Clinton was born and raised in New York, and received his formal architectural training in the office of Richard Upjohn. He left Upjohn in 1858 to begin a private practice, although he was associated with Edward Tuckerman Potter, and in the 1870s Clinton is twice credited alongside James W. Pirsson as collaborators.
Clinton's most prominent solo commission is the privately funded and unusually ornate 1880 Seventh Regiment Armory on Park Avenue in New York City; the architect himself was a member of the Seventh Regiment's Company K.Clinton died at his home in New York City on December 1, 1910.
Islampur is a census town in the Raninagar I CD block in the Domkol subdivision of the Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Sergei Chuev (Russian: Серге́й Генна́дьевич Чуев; born 1971 in Moscow) is a Russian historian specializing in World War II.
José María Maravall Herrero is a Spanish academic and a politician of the Spanish Socialist Party.
Poecilopeplus tardifi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Michard in 1887.
Karen Lesley Andrews (née Weir; born 23 August 1960) is an Australian politician serving as Minister for Home Affairs in the Morrison Government since 2021. Andrews previously served as Minister for Industry, Science and Technology from 2018 to 2021. She is a member of the Liberal National Party of Queensland and has represented the Queensland seat of McPherson since the 2010 federal election. Andrews sits as a Liberal and previously served as an assistant minister in the Abbott and Turnbull Governments. Before entering politics she was a mechanical engineer and industrial relations consultant.
Barnard Castle (grid reference NZ04911641) is a ruined medieval castle situated in the town of the same name in County Durham, England.
The Suzuki Fronte 800 was subcompact car with a two-stroke engine built by the Suzuki Motor Corporation in the latter half of the 1960s.
The 2017 ECO summit was the 13th summit of the Economic Cooperation Organization, held on 1 March 2017 in Islamabad, Pakistan.The Summit was preceded by the 22nd Meeting of the ECO Council of Foreign Ministers (COM) on 28 February 2017 in Islamabad. Senior Officials from Member States met on 27 February 2017 in Islamabad and stayed for the duration of the summit.
The summit highlighted the state of affairs of ECO in the light of the new and emerging global and regional circumstances and agreed on expanding regional economic cooperation among its member states. The new ECO Vision 2025 was expanded upon and several key guidelines have been taken into account. Pakistan plans to integrate the ECO Summit members with the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor.
Guillardia is a genus of flagellate cryptomonad algae belonging to the family Geminigeraceae, containing a secondary plastid  within a reduced cytoplasmic compartment that contains a vestigial nucleomorph. There is only one characterised member of this genus, Guillardia theta.
Commune Football Club is a Burkinabé football club based in Ouagadougou and founded in 1977. They play their home games at the Stade du 4-Août.
Tamara Maria Oynick (born 28 March 1953) is a Mexican former breaststroke and medley swimmer. She competed in four events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Wallasey () is a town within the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, in Merseyside, England, on the mouth of the River Mersey, at the northeastern corner of the Wirral Peninsula, part of the historic county of Cheshire. At the 2011 Census, the population was 60,284.
WLLB-LD, virtual channel 15 (VHF digital channel 6), is a low-powered Daystar owned-and-operated television station licensed to Portland, Maine, United States. The station is owned by the Daystar Television Network. The station is not carried on any local cable systems.
Kildorrery (Irish: Cill Dairbhre, meaning 'oak-forest church') is a village in north County Cork, Ireland. It lies at the crossroads of the N73 road from Mallow to Mitchelstown and the R512 from Kilmallock to Fermoy.
This hilltop village has views to the east of the Galtee Mountains and Knockmealdown Mountains with Slievenamon in the distance. To the north the Ballyhouras – the Limerick road is flanked by two mountains, Castlegale and Carrigeenamronety (Carraigín na mBróinte). To the south, across the Blackwater Valley are the Nagle mountains, and to the west towards County Kerry the Paps are sometimes visible.
The village hosts an annual food fair in which local families (of various nationalities) allow people to sample the cuisine of their native countries.The town has been the subject of a number of environmental concerns in the recent past including proposals for a municipal landfill at Ballyguyroe in 2001, and applications to An Bord Pleanála in 2004 and 2008 to place a landfill in the Ballyhoura Mountains near the village. Kildorrery is part of the Cork East Dáil constituency.
Stikine Sound is a body of water in the U.S. state of Alaska, 12 miles (19 km) north of Wrangell. It was named by Mikhail Tebenkov. It forms where the Stikine River finally reaches salt walter. The delta of the river is the silted-up inland extension of this channel. It is 4 miles (6.4 km) wide and about 20 miles (32 km) in length, with a large number of islands near its eastern end, and lying directly off the flats of the Stikine River.
This arm of the sea is outlined by promontories of the mainland and by several islands. Several anchorages are found in this sound. Ten fathoms is laid down on the east side of the southeast point of the large island, lying about 3 miles (4.8 km) northwest by west from Point Highfield. On the northwest side of Vauk's Island, 2–3 miles (3.2–4.8 km) in extent, and lying 5 miles (8.0 km) west of Point Highfield, anchorage is noted. South of Vauk’s Island lie two islets off 'the mouth of Bath Harbor, lying 8 miles (13 km) west by south half south from Point Highfield. At the northwest point of Zarembo Island is a number of islets, and on the east side of them there is anchorage in eighteen fathoms.
Paul A. Lombardo is an American legal historian known for his work on the legacy of eugenics and sterilization in the United States. He is currently the Bobby Lee Cook Professor of Law at Georgia State University in Atlanta, Georgia.
From 2011 to 2016, Lombardo served as a senior advisor to the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues,. He worked on three Commission reports: Ethically Impossible: STD Research in Guatemala: 1946-1948 (2011), Moral Science: Protecting Participants in Human Subjects Research (2012) and Privacy and Progress in Whole Genome Sequencing (2012).
In recent years he has lectured in Italy, Russia, Pakistan and Canada, and at dozens of colleges and universities in the U.S.  He is regularly contacted as an expert by the media; recent interviews appeared on the  BBC, USA Today, National Public Radio, the CBS Evening News and Anderson Cooper 360. Lombardo is an elected member of the American Law Institute and has been a consultant and participated in Study Sections, Special Emphasis Panels or Working Groups of eight different Institutes of the National Institutes of Health. He served as a committee member for the Institute of Medicine as well as the National Human Research Protection Advisory Committee; he was a charter member of the Central Beryllium Institutional Review Board of the U.S. Department of Energy.
He has published extensively on topics in health law, medico-legal history, and bioethics and is coeditor of Fletcher's Clinical Ethics, 3rd ed. (2005). His book Three Generations, No Imbeciles: Eugenics, the Supreme Court and Buck v. Bell (2008) was recognized at the 2009 Library of Virginia Literary Awards; it also earned him designation as a 2009 Georgia Author of the Year.  Lombardo's most recent book is an edited volume: A Century of Eugenics in America: From the Indiana Experiment to the Human Genome Era (2010).In 2002, he sponsored an historical marker to mark the correcting of the historical record concerning the Supreme Court's infamous decision upholding the Virginia Sterilization Act of 1924 in the case of Buck v. Bell.  His advocacy for state governmental repudiation of past eugenic policies was successful first in Virginia and has extended to six other states.Lombardo has been a historical consultant for several films, including, The Lynchburg Story (Discovery Channel, 1993), Race: the Power of an Illusion Part I, The Difference Between Us (PBS, April 2003) and most recently, The Golden Door (presented by Martin Scorsese/ Miramax, 2006) a feature film released in the U.S. in 2007 that explored the impact of eugenic screening on early 20th century immigrants at Ellis Island.Professor Lombardo served on the Editorial Advisory Panel at the Cold Spring Harbor (NY) Laboratory's Dolan DNA Learning Center that assembled the digital Image Archive on the American Eugenics Movement, and was a consultant and contributor to DNA Interactive: Chronicle, a website that explores the history of eugenics alongside the history of genetics. He was also a contributor and consultant for the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum exhibit, Deadly Medicine: Creating the Master Race.From 1985-1990 Lombardo practiced law in California. From 1990 until 2006 he served on the faculty of the Schools of Law and Medicine at the University of Virginia, where he directed the Center for Mental Health Law at the Institute of Law, Psychiatry and Public Policy and the Program in Law and Medicine at the Center for Biomedical Ethics. In 1997 he drafted Virginia's Patient Health Records Privacy Act.  Lombardo received his A.B. from Rockhurst College (Kansas City, Mo.), his M.A. from Loyola University of Chicago and both his Ph.D. and J.D. from the University of Virginia.
He joined the faculty at Georgia State University College of Law in 2006.  As a member of the Center for Law, Health and Society, he teaches courses in Genetics and the Law, the History of Bioethics, Mental Health Law and the Legal Regulation of Human Research.
Pek Long is one of the 39 constituencies in the Yuen Long District of Hong Kong.
The constituency returns one district councillor to the Yuen Long District Council, with an election every four years.
Pek Long constituency is loosely based on northern part of Long Ping Estate with estimated population of 13,849.
Kinship terminology is the system used in languages to refer to the persons to whom an individual is related through kinship. Different societies classify kinship relations differently and therefore use different systems of kinship terminology; for example, some languages distinguish between consanguine and affinal uncles ( i.e. the brothers of one's parents and the husbands of the sisters of one's parents, respectively), whereas others have only one word to refer to both a father and his brothers. Kinship terminologies include the terms of address used in different languages or communities for different relatives and the terms of reference used to identify the relationship of these relatives to ego or to each other.
Borun Rural District (Persian: دهستان برون) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,048, in 760 families.  The rural district has 15 villages.
In drug development, preclinical development, also termed preclinical studies or nonclinical studies, is a stage of research that begins before clinical trials (testing in humans) and during which important feasibility, iterative testing and drug safety data are collected, typically in laboratory animals.
The main goals of preclinical studies are to determine a starting, safe dose for first-in-human study and assess potential toxicity of the product, which typically include new medical devices, prescription drugs, and diagnostics.
Companies use stylized statistics to illustrate the risks in preclinical research, such as that on average, only one in every 5,000 compounds that enters drug discovery to the stage of preclinical development becomes an approved drug.
Adela Van Severen de Contreras (1909 – December 9, 2007) was a Salvadoran politician, recognized as the first woman to serve as mayor in all of El Salvador.Born in San Salvador in 1909, Van Severen was educated in the United States. She then settled in the city of Santa Tecla with her husband, José Luis Contreras, and became involved in municipal politics. In 1954, she was chosen to take over the term of incumbent Santa Tecla Mayor José Marcos Biguer, and the following year she was elected directly, becoming the first female mayor in El Salvador. Women had fully earned the right to vote in El Salvador only five years prior, under the Constitution of 1950.Among her accomplishments as mayor was overseeing the pavement of the city's streets. She served in the post until 1958.Van Severen remained in Santa Tecla until her death in 2007, at age 98.A park in Santa Tecla was named in her honor in 2015.
Where Is Winky's Horse? (Dutch: Waar is het Paard van Sinterklaas?) is a 2007 Dutch children's film. It is the sequel of Winky's Horse (Dutch: Het paard van Sinterklaas). The film received the Golden Film after it had sold 100,000 cinema tickets.
The 1903 Tasmanian state election was held on 2 April 1903 in the Australian state of Tasmania to elect 35 members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. Women got the right to vote at the election.
Elliott Lewis, leader of the Ministerial group, entered the election as the incumbent Premier of Tasmania. At the election, the group lost 10 seats and Lewis lost his seat. The Opposition led by William Propsting won government. The Workers' Political League (the future Australian Labor Party) fielded candidates for the first time, winning three seats. John Earle became leader of the parliamentary party in 1906.
Shrewsbury Inlet was an inlet connecting the Shrewsbury River with the Atlantic Ocean in Monmouth County, New Jersey. The inlet is now closed and the Shrewsbury River connects to Sandy Hook Bay.
The Toccatas for Keyboard, BWV 910–916, are seven pieces for clavier written by Johann Sebastian Bach. Although the pieces were not originally organized into a collection by Bach himself (as were most of his other keyboard works, such as the Well Tempered Clavier and the English Suites etc.), the pieces share many similarities, and are frequently grouped and performed together under a collective title.
Lan Xingyu (Chinese: 兰星宇; pinyin: Lán Xīngyǔ; born 18 December 1997) is a Chinese artistic gymnast. He competed in the 2019 Asian Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, winning gold medals in both the team event and the still rings event. In the 2019 FIG World Cup in Doha he won an additional individual gold in still rings. At the 2021 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships he became World Champion on still rings.
Atlantic Shores is a populated place in the parish of Christ Church, Barbados. It is a coastal area with beaches located on the south coast of Barbados.
Campton Township is located in Kane County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 17,174 and it contained 5,662 housing units.The township's rural character is subject to increased development.  Following an annexation by Elgin, Illinois of northern land for high density development, in May 2007 most of the unincorporated areas of the township became part of the new Village of Campton Hills.
811 Naval Air Squadron was a unit of the British Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm. It was first founded in 1933, and served during World War II, seeing action in the battle of the Atlantic and on Russian convoys, and was eventually disbanded in 1956.
Henrik Bech (c.1718 – 1776) was a Danish-born wood carver who settled in Norway from around 1750. He was born in Copenhagen.
His first commission in Norway was to design oven plates for Moss Jernverk, and subsequently for several other ironworks. He also contributed to the decoration of churches, in particular Kongsberg Church, where he sculptured parts of the pulpit, altar, and the king's chair.
Ranford is a town located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north-east of Boddington along the road from Pinjarra to Williams.
Lower Ngau Tau Kok Estate (Chinese: 牛頭角下邨) is one of the 37 constituencies in the Kwun Tong District of Hong Kong which was created in 2015.
The constituency loosely covers part of Lower Ngau Tau Kok Estate with the estimated population of 17,513.
Joseph Cheshire Cotten Jr. (May 15, 1905 – February 6, 1994) was an American film, stage, radio and television actor. Cotten achieved prominence on Broadway, starring in the original stage productions of The Philadelphia Story and Sabrina Fair.
He first gained worldwide fame in three Orson Welles films: Citizen Kane (1941), The Magnificent Ambersons (1942), and Journey into Fear (1943), for which Cotten was also credited with the screenplay. He went on to become one of the leading Hollywood actors of the 1940s, appearing in films such as Shadow of a Doubt (1943), Gaslight (1944), Love Letters (1945), Duel in the Sun (1946), Portrait of Jennie (1948), The Third Man (1949) and Niagara (1953). One of his final films was Michael Cimino's Heaven's Gate (1980).
Nguyễn Trung Hiếu (born 21 September 1979) is a Vietnamese sports shooter. He competed in the men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol event at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Vilkduja is a dark music band from Lithuania, started by Povilas Vaitkevičius, who is also the creator of the band's music and lyrics.
List of Italian rolling stock.  The following list includes rolling stock that works, or has worked, on the Italian national railway network Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane and on private lines and lines in concession. The list is not exhaustive and additions are welcome.
Ruderting is a municipality  in the district of Passau in Bavaria in south-east Germany.
Front Page Sports: Baseball Pro '98 is a baseball sports video game released for Microsoft Windows in 1997. It was developed and published by Sierra On-Line, and is part of the Front Page Sports Baseball series.
The Admiralty Underwater Weapons Establishment was an Admiralty research department dedicated to underwater detection systems and weapons. It was formed at the Isle of Portland in 1959 and later became part of the Admiralty Research Agency (ARE) in 1984.
The  Bengal Native Infantry  was part of the organisation of the East India Company's Bengal Army before the Indian rebellion of 1857.
The infantry regiments underwent frequent changes of numbering during their period of existence. The traditional formation of British and Presidency armies' regiments was by a hierarchy in which the "1st Regiment" was the oldest and the highest number was given to the youngest. In 1764, the Bengal Native Infantry regiments were renumbered in the order of the seniority of their captain.The vast majority of the Bengal Native Infantry regiments rebelled in the Indian Rebellion of 1857.
Terrance Gilbert Dillon (August 18, 1941 – May 28, 1964) was a defensive back in the National Football League (NFL). Dillon played with the Minnesota Vikings during the 1963 NFL season. He had also been drafted in the 19th round of the 1963 American Football League Draft by the Oakland Raiders.On May 28, 1964, Terry Dillon was working on a bridge construction project 25 miles west of Missoula when part of the temporary decking gave way and he fell 50 feet into the swift-running Clark Fork River.  Witnesses said Dillon, a strong swimmer, started swimming for shore, fighting the current, but disappeared after traveling about 200 yards.  His body was found on July 17th by a fisherman about 17 miles downstream from the bridge.In 1965, Minnesota Vikings linebacker Rip Hawkins received the first "Terry Dillon" award given by the Minnesota Vikings in honor of their late teammate.  The award symbolizes Dillon's qualities of dedication, self-sacrifice and ability.
Harriet Anderson Stubbs Murphy (1853 – September 23, 1935) was a British-American portrait artist.
Mobile Suit Gundam Wing, also known in Japan as New Mobile Report Gundam Wing (新機動戦記ガンダムW (ウイング), Shin Kidō Senki Gandamu Wingu), is a 1995 Japanese mecha anime series directed by Masashi Ikeda and written by Katsuyuki Sumizawa. It is the sixth installment in the Gundam franchise, taking place in the "After Colony" timeline.  As with the original series, the plot of Gundam Wing centers on a war in the future (specifically, After Colony 195) between Earth and its orbital colonies in the Earth-Moon system.
The series aired in Japan on the terrestrial TV Asahi network. It ran for 49 episodes, beginning on April 7, 1995 and ending on March 29, 1996. It received multiple manga adaptations, as well as video games. Four original video animation (OVA) episodes were produced including a retelling of the series, Operation Meteor, and a direct sequel, Endless Waltz. In 2010, Sumizawa started writing the novel Frozen Teardrop, another sequel to the series. While the series fared modestly well in Japan, it found greater success in the United States and popularized the Gundam franchise in the West.
Benjamin Bouchouari (born 13 November 2001) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dutch club Roda JC Kerkrade.
Stadionul Municipal Hîncești (formerly named Stadionul Orășenesc Hîncești) is a football stadium in city of Hîncești, Moldova built in 1975.
Christopher Liam Moore (born June 12, 1964, Salem, Massachusetts), an American actor noted for his theatre work and his role as Richard in the sitcom 10 Items or Less.  He graduated from Harvard College in 1986.
Kalabsh 2 (Handcuff) is a 2018 Egyptian TV-Series, a sequel to Kalabsh, which was aired on the previous Ramadan season. It was directed by Peter Mimy and written by Baher Dewidar. It was one of the most recognized shows during Ramadan season.A third season was announced to be aired in Ramadan 2019.
Ivan Volansky (Ukrainian: Волянський Іван Якович) (1857–1926) was a Ukrainian priest who organized the first Greek Catholic parish in the United States.
Before his arrival, the Ukrainian Greek Catholic immigrants attended the local Latin Rite Roman Catholic churches.  
He arrived in Shenandoah, Pennsylvania in 1884 after Ukrainian immigrants petitioned the Metropolitan of Lviv for their own priest.  Volansky encountered difficulty being recognized by the local Roman Catholics since he was married.He soon helped establish several other parishes, some in Pennsylvania and others as far away as New Jersey and Minnesota.  Volansky was involved with the building of many churches and cooperative stores, and also the organization of a fraternal society, choir, school, and newspaper.His work has been said to symbolize the vital role that the church played in the life of Ukrainian Americans.
The ISU Speed Skating World Cup is a series of international speed skating competitions, organised annually by the International Skating Union since the winter of 1985–86. Every year during the winter season, a number of competitions on different distances and on different locations are held. Skaters can earn points at each competition, and the skater who has the most points on a given distance at the end of the series is the winner. Initially not very popular with skaters nor spectators, the World Cup has gradually become more and more popular, and this was due to the creation of the World Single Distance Championships. The results of the separate distances in the World Cup ranking are the main qualifying method for the World Single Distance Championships.
The number of races per season per distance varies, but it is usually between five and ten. Ten World Cup titles are awarded every season, five for men (the 500 m, the 1000 m, the 1500 m, the combined 5000 m / 10000 m, and the team pursuit), and five for women (the 500 m, the 1000 m, the 1500 m, the combined 3000 m / 5000 m, and the team pursuit).
The team pursuit was added to the World Cup in the 2005–06 season. Between the seasons 2003–04 and 2008–09, the 100 m was also contested for men and women, but this category is now defunct.
The mass start was re-introduced for both women and men in the World Cup in Astana in 2011.
Thomas Hugh Clifford, 14th Baron Clifford of Chudleigh,  (born 17 March 1948) is a British hereditary peer and former British Army officer.
He is the first son of the late Colonel The Right Hon. Lewis Hugh Clifford, 13th Baron Clifford of Chudleigh, and The Honourable Katharine Vavasseur Fisher. Through his mother he is a great-grandson of Admiral of the Fleet The 1st Baron Fisher.
He was educated at Downside School. He was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Devon in 1998.
The Mictaw Formation is a geologic formation in Quebec. It preserves fossils dating back to the Ordovician period.
The Xinhai Revolution in Xinjiang (Chinese: 辛亥革命在新疆) refers to the fightings of the members of Anti-Manchu Revolutionary Party (反清革命党人) in Xinjiang during the Xinhai Revolution. The Revolution mainly took place in Yili.
"You Belong to Me" is a song written by American singer-songwriters Carly Simon and Michael McDonald. Originally recorded by McDonald's rock group The Doobie Brothers for their seventh studio album, Livin' on the Fault Line (1977), the song was made famous by Simon when she recorded it for her seventh studio album, Boys in the Trees (1978).  A live version of the song from The Doobie Brothers' 1983 album Farewell Tour would later chart on the Pop Singles chart at No. 79 in August 1983.
The Auckland Region of New Zealand is built on a basement of greywacke rocks that form many of the islands in the Hauraki Gulf, the Hunua Ranges, and land south of Port Waikato. The Waitākere Ranges in the west are the remains of a large andesitic volcano, and Great Barrier Island was formed by the northern end of the Coromandel Volcanic Zone. The main isthmus and North Shore are composed of Waitemata sandstone and mudstone, and portions of the Northland Allochthon extend as far south as Albany. Little Barrier Island was formed by a relatively isolated andesitic volcano, active around 1 to 3 million years ago.
The Manukau and South Kaipara Harbours are protected by the recent sand dune deposits of the Awhitu and South Kaipara Peninsulas. Recent basaltic volcanic activity has produced many volcanic cones throughout the Auckland Region, including the iconic Rangitoto Island.
The Ivishak River   is a 95-mile (153 km) tributary of the Sagavanirktok River in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. Fed by glaciers at the headwaters, the Ivishak flows northeast, then northwest, through the Philip Smith Mountains and the northern foothills of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. It enters the Sagavanirktok River on the coastal plain south of Prudhoe Bay.On December 2, 1980, 80 miles (129 km) of the Ivishak was designated a National Wild and Scenic River.  The protected segments, including the headwaters, an unnamed tributary from Porcupine Lake, and all but the lowermost part of the main stem, lie within the wildlife refuge.
8 male athletes from Nigeria competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.
The National Museum of Territory and Sovereignty (Japanese: 領土・主権展示館) is located in the Toranomon Mitsui Building in Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, and covers Takeshima, Senkaku Islands, and the Northern Territories. It is a museum about Japanese territorial rights issues.
The Makati Park and Garden, sometimes called Fort Bonifacio Riverside Park and Liwasang Bonifacio (transl. Bonifacio Park) by local residents, is an urban riverfront park along the south bank of the Pasig River in Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines. It is the largest public park in Makati with an area of 35,433 square metres (381,400 sq ft). The park is under the management of the Parks and Green Division of Makati's Department of Environmental Services. It was created in 2001 as part of the Linear Parks Project of the Pasig River Rehabilitation Commission.
Widok is a part of the Szczecin City, Poland situated on the right bank of Oder river, south-east of the Szczecin Old Town, and south-west of Szczecin-Dąbie.
A-Town Hard Heads is the debut album by the Hard Boys. It was released on March 5, 1992, through Ichiban Records and was produced by Joel Peasvy. The album peaked at number 42 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. "Groupies" and "Death Row" were released as singles.
The College of Medicine in King Saud University was established as the first medical college in the Kingdom in 1967. One year later, King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital, became affiliated with the college and subsequently in 1981, King Khalid University Hospital and the new college building were established to become the main teaching campus and patient service facility. To date, the college has graduated more than 4000 undergraduate students, 200 postgraduates students, and more than 700 graduates from different medical specialties fellowship programs.
This is a list of seasons completed by the Stanford Cardinal football team of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS).
Stanford has participated in more than 1,100 officially sanctioned games, including 27 bowl games and has fielded football teams since 1892 with a few exceptions: the school dropped football in favor of rugby from 1906 to 1917 and did not field a team in 1918 (due to World War I) or in 1943, 1944, and 1945 (due to World War II).
From its inception through the 1930 season, the team had no formal nickname. Beginning with the 1931 season, the team adopted the mascot "Indian." The Indian symbol and name were dropped in 1972 after objections from Native American students. From 1972 to 1981, the official nickname was "Cardinals," a reference to the color, not the bird. Prior to the 1982 season, the team adopted the singular form, "Cardinal."
Rania is a city and a municipal committee Sirsa district in the Indian state of Haryana. Rania Town is the biggest grain market in Sirsa district.
Proszowa [prɔˈʂɔva] (German: Gräflich Kunzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945, it was in Germany.
It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Mirsk, 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Lwówek Śląski, and 111 kilometres (69 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Shawnacy Campbell "Shawn" Barber (born 27 May 1994) is a Canadian track and field athlete specialising in the pole vault. He is the former world champion in pole vault having won the event with a height of 5.90 m at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics in Beijing. Barber also became a Pan American Games champion in winning the 2015 edition of the Games with a height of 5.80 m. Barber won a bronze medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow as well.His outdoor personal best jump of 5.93 metres was made on July 25, 2015, it is the current national record. His indoor personal best is 6.00 metres from 2016 (Canadian Indoor Record). Barber is tied for the Pan Am record together with Lázaro Borges. He also holds the NCAA Collegiate Indoor Record at 5.91m.
Presidential elections were held in Georgia on January 4, 2004. The election followed the resignation of former President Eduard Shevardnadze. As expected, the main opposition leader, Mikhail Saakashvili, was soon shown by exit polls to be heading for an overwhelming victory. According to preliminary results issued on January 6 by the Central Election Commission, Saakashvili won over 97% of the votes cast.
The other candidates received less than 2% each. They were former presidential envoy to the Imereti region Temur Shashiashvili, leader of the Lawyers of Georgia Party Kartlos Garibashvili, one of the leaders of the political organization Mdzleveli, Zurab Kelekhsashvili, the President of the Coalition of Non-Government Organisations of the Disabled Zaza Sikharulidze, and leader of the David Agmashenebeli Party Roin Liparteliani.
Joachim Tielke (14 October 1641 – 19 January 1719) was a German maker of musical instruments. He was born in Königsberg (now Kaliningrad), Duchy of Prussia a fief of Kingdom of Poland, and died in Hamburg.
A publication was dedicated to him by Günther Hellwig. Hellwig lists the total number of 139 instruments still existing of Tielke's oeuvre, with lutes, angelicas, theorboes, bell citterns (Ger Hamburger Cithrinchen), guitars, pochettes, violins, viole d'amore without sympathetic strings, barytons, viole da gamba, and bows. The publications of 2011 and 2020 omit few instruments and the bows as unauthentic, but new findings raise the total number of instruments and fragments from the Tielke workshop to 174.
More recent research shows that all theorboes were originally either lutes with bent-back pegboxes or are modifications of angelicas. The bows have shown to be non-authentic. On the other hand, nearly thirty instruments not known to Hellwig have come up, among them the fragment of a baryton, a cello, more viols, guitars, and lutes. Tielke's existing oeuvre is therefore one of the most comprehensive and by number close to that of Stradivari and the other great Italian makers. Tielke's instruments are famous not only for their marquetry and carved heards, but also for their tonal qualities.
A much-debated question is that of the contribution Tielke himself made to the instruments signed with his name. The examination of his work leads to the idea that he engaged outside craftsmen and artists for the supply of carvings and marquetry, possibly even complete instruments.
Lagatyan is a village in Shwegu Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.
Year 624 (DCXXIV) was a leap year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. The denomination 624 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Gustav Solomon Oppert, (30 July 1836 – 1 March 1908) was a  German Indologist and Sanskritist. He was a professor of Sanskrit and Comparative Philology, Presidency College, Madras, a Telugu translator to government, and a curator in the Government Oriental Manuscripts Library. He was a professor in Madras from 1872 to 1893. He was also editor of the Madras Journal of Literature and Science from 1878 to 1882. After traveling in north India from 1893 to 1894, he returned to Europe in 1894.
New York Life Insurance Company (NYLIC) is the third-largest life insurance company in the United States, the largest mutual life insurance company in the United States and is ranked #67 on the 2021 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue. NYLIC has about $593 billion in total assets under management, and more than $25 billion in surplus and AVR. In 2007, NYLIC achieved the best possible ratings by the four independent rating companies (Standard & Poor's, AM Best, Moody's and Fitch). Other New York Life affiliates provide an array of securities products and services, as well as institutional and retail mutual funds.
"Could Have Been Me" is a song by English rock band the Struts. It was released as the first single from their debut studio album Everybody Wants. Originally released in 2013, the song began to increase in popularity as the song rose up the American airplay charts in 2015, peaking at no. 5 on the Alternative Songs chart.  It was also the theme song for NXT TakeOver: London. The song was also used as the opening song for MLB The Show 16 and was used in a trailer for the 2016 video game Ratchet & Clank. The song was also used in a advertisement for the Mercedes-Benz 2021 E-Class. Halsey performs the song in the 2021 animated film Sing 2.
Faye Blackstone (June 3, 1915 – August 30, 2011) was an American rodeo star, performer, and elected member of the Cowgirl Hall of Fame. She was known for having a hand in the starting the female sport of rodeo Barrel Racing.
The Hirschfeld-Eddy Foundation (Hirschfeld-Eddy-Stiftung) was founded in Berlin in June 2007. It is a foundation focused on human rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people.
The substructure of a building transfers the load of the building to the ground and isolates it horizontally from the ground. This includes foundations and basement retaining walls. It is differentiated from the superstructure.
It safeguards the building against the forces of wind, uplift, soil pressure etc. It provides a level and firm surface for the construction of superstructure. It also prevents unequal or differential settlement and ensures stability of the building against sliding, overturning, undermine due to floodwater or burrowing animals.
The 2015–16 NC State Wolfpack women's basketball team represents North Carolina State University during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Wolfpack, led by third-year head coach Wes Moore, play their home games at Needham B. Broughton High School with 2 games at PNC Arena due to renovations at Reynolds Coliseum and were members of the Atlantic Coast Conference. They finished the season 20–11, 10–6 in ACC play to finish in sixth place. They advanced to the quarterfinals of the ACC Women's Tournament to Syracuse. Despite having 20 wins and being projected as a tournament team, they were not invited to the NCAA tournament, the team voted not to accept an invitation to the WNIT.
In enzymology, a myristoyl-CoA 11-(E) desaturase (EC 1.14.99.31) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
   (E)-11-tetradecenoyl-CoA + NAD(P)+ + 2 H2OThe 5 substrates of this enzyme are myristoyl-CoA, NADH, NADPH, H+, and O2, whereas its 4 products are (E)-11-tetradecenoyl-CoA, NAD+, NADP+, and H2O.
This enzyme belongs to the family of oxidoreductases, specifically those acting on paired donors, with O2 as oxidant and incorporation or reduction of oxygen. The oxygen incorporated need not be derived from O miscellaneous.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is n-tetradecanoyl-CoA,NAD(P)H:O2 oxidoreductase [11-(E) desaturating].
Josep Piqué i Camps (born 21 February 1955 in Vilanova i la Geltrú) is a Spanish politician of the right-leaning Spanish People's Party (PP) who represented Barcelona. Pique was initially a member of the Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia (PSUC) but left the grouping and subsequently joined the Union of the Democratic Centre.
Michael Bishai (born May 30, 1979) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre. Bishai was never drafted, but played in the National Hockey League with the Edmonton Oilers.
Kahurangi Taylor is a New Zealand beauty pageant titleholder who represented New Zealand at Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She was one of the 25 semifinalists in the competition.In 2015, Kahurangi won a NZD$100,000 Vodafone Foundation World of Difference Award, working alongside the outreach team at Te Ara Rangatu o te Iwi o Te Ata Waiohua (TAR) to benefit the community of Waiuku. This follows two years of work as a youth health project co-ordinator at Manurewa Marae.
In mathematics, a Boolean function is a function whose arguments and result assume values from a two-element set (usually {true, false}, {0,1} or {-1,1}). Alternative names are switching function, used especially in older computer science literature, and truth function (or logical function), used in logic. Boolean functions are the subject of Boolean algebra and switching theory.A Boolean function takes the form 
          }
          
            k
          
   is known as the Boolean domain and 
   is a non-negative integer called the arity of the function. In the case where 
  , the "function" is a constant element of 
          }
          
            k
          
          }
          
            m
          
   is a vectorial or vector-valued Boolean function (an S-box in cryptography).There are 
          2
          
            
              2
              
                k
              
            
          
   arguments; equal to the number of different truth tables with 
          2
          
            k
          
  -ary Boolean function can be expressed as a propositional formula in 
          x
          
            1
          
          x
          
            k
          
  , and two propositional formulas are logically equivalent if and only if they express the same Boolean function.
Petit Jean Electric Cooperative is a non-profit rural electric utility cooperative headquartered in Clinton, Arkansas, with a district office in Marshall, Arkansas.
The Cooperative was organized in October 1940, but due to World War II never laid any new power lines.  Instead, in September 1942 it would purchase the privately held Clinton Light and Ice Company, consisting of 780 accounts over 61 miles (98 km) of power line (the former owner, Clarence Tingley, would later serve as Superintendent of the Cooperative).  The Cooperative would then relocate to Clinton as a result of the purchase.  Later, in October 1945, the Cooperative would purchase 22.2 miles (35.7 km) of line from Arkansas Power & Light (now a subsidiary of Entergy), nearly tripling the size of the Cooperative's territory, and in the 1950s extended to the Marshall area by purchasing the service area power lines from Carroll Electric Cooperative.
The Cooperative has more than 3,092 miles (4,976 km) of distribution lines, and services 17,600 accounts.
The East Coast Collegiate Hockey Association (ECCHA) is an ACHA college ice hockey conference in the Southeast region of the United States. 
The ECCHA was created in August of 2001 as Blue Ridge Hockey Conference or BRHC by eight collegiate hockey programs in Virginia and North Carolina. The BRHC has advanced four of its members to the ACHA National Tournament since 2003. 
As of the summer of 2017, the BRHC was restructured to form the East Coast Collegiate Hockey Association with the intent to improve the quality of its brand of ACHA Division III hockey in the mid-Atlantic and Southern region.
Jay Cooke Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the Logan neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1922–1924.  It is a three-story, 17 bay, brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style.  It features a projecting center entrance pavilion, stone pilasters, arched entrance openings, and a brick parapet.  It was named for financier Jay Cooke (1821-1905).
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Radik Bikchentayev (born 2 August 1972) is a Kazakhstani speed skater. He competed at the 1994 Winter Olympics, the 1998 Winter Olympics and the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Lebanon is an eastern Mediterranean country that is composed of mostly Muslims and Christians. The main two religions are Islam with (61.1% of the citizens (Sunni, Shia, and a small number of Alawites and Ismailis) and Christianity with 33.7% of the citizens (the Maronite Church, the Greek Orthodox Church, the Melkite Greek Catholic Church, Protestantism, the Armenian Apostolic Church). The Druze are about 5.2% of the citizens. The country has the most religiously diverse society of all countries within the Middle East, comprising 18 recognized religious sects. But outside of Lebanon, Lebanese people (including diaspora) are mostly Christians. It is also estimated that a large proportion of its population are refugees (1.5 million out of a bit over 6 million in 2017) which affects statistics. The refugees mostly Syrian or Palestinian are predominately Sunni but also includes Christians and Shia.Lebanon thus differs from other Middle East countries where Muslims are the overwhelming majority and more resembles Bosnia-Herzegovina and Albania, both in Southeastern Europe, in having a diverse mix of Muslims and Christians that each make up approximately half the country's population. Christians were once a majority inside Lebanon and are still a majority in the diaspora of the nearly 14 million Lebanese people living outside of Lebanon. The president of the country is traditionally a Maronite Christian, the prime minister a Sunni Muslim, and the speaker of parliament a Shia Muslim.
Lebanon thus differs from other Middle East countries where Muslims are the overwhelming majority and more resembles Bosnia-Herzegovina and Albania, both in Southeastern Europe, in having a diverse mix of Muslims and Christians that each make up approximately half the country's population. Christians were once a majority inside Lebanon and are still a majority in the diaspora of the nearly 14 million Lebanese people living outside of Lebanon. The president of the country is traditionally a Maronite Christian, the prime minister a Sunni Muslim, and the speaker of parliament a Shia Muslim.
Lanka Bhadradri Sri Ramachandra Moorthy (born 30 May 1952), better known as L. B. Sriram, is an Indian actor, comedian, writer, playwright, producer, and thespian known for his works in Telugu cinema and Telugu theatre. He made his silver screen debut with Kokila (1990) as a dialogue writer.He owns the production house Life is Beautiful Creations. He subsequently went on to star in nearly 500 films in a variety of roles in works such as Chala Bagundi (2000), Ammo! Okato Tareekhu (2000), Azad (2000), Hanuman Junction (2001), Itlu Sravani Subramanyam, (2001), Aadi (2002), Dil (2003), Chatrapathi (2005), Evadi Gola Vaadidhi (2005), Stalin (2006), Seema Sastri (2007), Gamyam (2008), Sontha Ooru (2009), Yevadu (2014), Legend (2014) and Sarainodu (2016). Regarded as one of the finest method actors in Telugu cinema, Sriram has won five state Nandi Awards. He plays Anjineyulu in web series Amrutham Dhvitheeyam, a sequel to Amrutham.
Jean Monier (or Mosnier; 1600–1656) was a French painter.  He was born and died in Blois.
Monier's father also named Jean was a glass painter and early mentor. According to his earliest biographer, Jean Bernier, Monier executed for Queen Marie de Medici a copy the Virgin of the Green Cushion by Andrea Solari, which she gave to the Convent of the Cordeliers as a replacement for the original that she had accepted as a gift from the nuns. She was so impressed with his work that she rewarded him with a significant payment. He used the money to travel to Florence and Rome where he became familiar with the works of Nicolas Poussin. In 1623 Monier returned to France, and performed some additional work for Queen Marie. He then retired to briefly to Chartres, then eventually returned to Blois. Bernier also credits him with the discovery of a Holy Family by Raphael that had laid forgotten, gathering dust, in an attic of the Château de Blois. The painting rediscovered by Mosnier has been identified by Jan Sammer as The Holy Family of Francis I, Louvre inv. 604. This painting had been commissioned by Pope Leo X for Claude de France, who died at the Château de Blois in 1524. Jean Monier's son Pierre also became a painter. Monier died at Blois in 1656.
This page lists English translations of notable Latin phrases, such as veni vidi vici and et cetera. Some of the phrases are themselves translations of Greek phrases, as Greek rhetoric and literature reached its peak centuries before the rise of ancient Rome.
This list covers the letter L. See List of Latin phrases for the main list.
The 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série D, the fourth level of the Brazilian League, was contested by 40 clubs, and started on July 12 and ended on November 15, 2015. The four teams in the semifinals were promoted to the 2016 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
The 1962–63 Alpha Ethniki was the 27th season of the highest football league of Greece. The season began on 23 September 1962 and ended on 30 June 1963 with the play-off match. AEK Athens won their third Greek title and their first in 23 years.
The point system was: Win: 3 points - Draw: 2 points - Loss: 1 point.
The Clemson College Sheep Barn (Barnes Center) is a two-story barn built in 1915 on the Clemson University campus. It is the oldest surviving building associated with agriculture on this land-grant university. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on January 4, 1990.
Lieutenant Colonel Charles-Michel d'Irumberry de Salaberry, CB (November 19, 1778 – February 27, 1829) was a Canadian military officer and statesman of the seigneurial class who served in various campaigns for the British Army. He won distinction for repelling the American advance on Montreal during the War of 1812.
Aeroflot Flight 3603 was a Tupolev Tu-154 operating a scheduled domestic passenger flight from Krasnoyarsk to Noril'sk, both in the Soviet Union, that crashed while attempting to land on 17 November 1981. Of the 167 passengers and crew on board, 99 were killed in the accident.
Ibex is an unincorporated community within Elliott County, Kentucky, United States.
A post office was established in the community in 1890.  Ibex was named from the animal of the same name by its first postmaster.
Nakasu-Kawabata Station (中洲川端駅, Nakasu-Kawabata-eki) is a subway station on the Hakozaki Line and Kūkō Line located in Hakata-ku, Fukuoka in Japan. The station's symbole mark is Chinese characters "中" and "川" look like Happi's motif.
Radio Dhol 94.0 FM (Bengali: রেডিও ঢোল ৯৪.০ এফএম) is a Bangladeshi FM radio station. The station went live on December 10, 2015, and is currently available in Dhaka city.
William F. Devin (March 28, 1898 – February 2, 1982) was an American politician who served as the Mayor of Seattle from 1942 to 1952.
Geoffrey Allan Collins (10 June 1918 – 25 September 2008) was an English cricketer.  Collins was a right-handed batsman.
Konstantin Vygodchikov (Vigodchikov, Wygodchikoff; Russian: Константин Алексеевич Выгодчиков) (1892–1941) was a Belarusian chess master.
He won in the 3rd Belarusian Championship in 1926, and shared 1st with Abram Model and Vladislav Silich in the 4th BLR-ch in 1928.In 1908-09, he lost a correspondence game to Alexander Alekhine. He shared first with Kliatsky (Kliatskin) at Moscow 1920 (Russian Olympiad, 1st Union National Congress, 1st USSR-ch, final B)
and won a short match (play-off) against him (2:0). He tied for 11-13th at Petrograd (St. Petersburg) in the 2nd USSR Championship (Peter Romanovsky won).He tied for 5-6th at Moscow 1928 (3rd Championship of Russia, Izmailov won). Konstantin Alekseyevich Vygodchikov lived in Smolensk where he taught his nephew Sergey Belavenets and Mikhail Yudovich.
He gained the master title in 1929 after having come level with the young Mikhail Botvinnik in the preliminary round of the USSR Championships of that year. He took 4th at Odessa 1929 (6th USSR-ch, semifinal).He took 6th at Moscow 1934 (4th Championship of Russia, Belavenets won), and tied for 11-12th at Leningrad (St. Petersburg) 1936 (All-Union Tournament of the 1st Category, A. Budo won).
Belgium participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019. Eliot was selected internally by the Belgian broadcaster Radio Télévision Belge de la Communauté Française (RTBF) to represent Belgium in Tel Aviv with the song "Wake Up". The song is written by Pierre Dumoulin and was released on 28 February 2019.
Claire Heliot (9 February 1866, in Halle (Saale) – 9 June 1953, in Stuttgart) was a German lion tamer.She was born Klara Haumann (Huth). Her father was a government postal official.
In April 1897, she caused a sensation when she first performed at a zoo in Leipzig. She toured extensively. Accompanied by ten lions, she performed at the London Hippodrome in 1901. In America, Heriot's act was part of A Yankee Circus on Mars, appearing at the New York Hippodrome for 20 weeks in 1905 and 1906 and in Chicago in 1906. The high point of her act was carrying her ten-year-old, 159-kilogram (351 lb) lion Sicchi on her back and shoulders. In 1907, a nervous Heliot was attacked by her lions and severely injured while performing at the Circus Orlando in Copenhagen; she was rescued by three attendants. After she retired, she was reported working as a hairdresser in 1930.The Heliot Bar at the Hippodrome Casino in London is named after her.
Jariban District (Somali: District   Jariiban) is a district in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia. Its capital is Jariban. The port city of Garacad is also located in this district.
Jalali (Persian: جلالی, Kurdish: Celalî, Turkish: Celâlî) are a Kurdish tribe in eastern Turkey and Northwestern Iran. They predominantly inhabit the Diyadin district in the Ağrı Province of Turkey and the Maku district in the West Azerbaijan Province of Iran.
According to Basile Nikitine, the Jalali tribe were Kurdicized Armenians. Moritz Wagner also suggested an Armenian connection.
Brad Rhiness (born November 6, 1956) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the World Hockey Association (WHA). Drafted in the first round of the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft by the San Diego Mariners, Rhiness played parts of two WHA seasons with the Mariners and Indianapolis Racers. He was also drafted in the seventh round of the 1976 NHL Amateur Draft by the Vancouver Canucks.
Wang Wei (Chinese: 王微, born 15 February 1977), is a Chinese former ice hockey player who played at the 1998 Winter Olympics where China finished 4th. She also won a gold medal at the 1999 Asian Winter Games.
Amazonía region in southern Colombia comprises the departments of Amazonas, Caquetá, Guainía, Guaviare, Putumayo and Vaupés, and covers an area of 483,000 km², 35% of Colombia's total territory.  The region is mostly covered by tropical rainforest, or jungle, which is a part of the massive Amazon rainforest.
Pepsi is a carbonated soft drink manufactured by PepsiCo. Originally created and developed in 1893 by Caleb Bradham and introduced as Brad's Drink, it was renamed as Pepsi-Cola in 1898, and then shortened to Pepsi in 1961.
Skyrealms of Jorune is a science-fantasy role-playing game that was first published in 1984 through SkyRealms Publishing.  The game is set on the fictional alien planet of Jorune above which float levitating islands. The second edition was published in 1986 as a boxed set, and a third edition was published by Chessex in 1992.  The computer game Alien Logic: A Skyrealms of Jorune Adventure was published in 1994. The various editions received positive reviews in game periodicals including Casus Belli, White Dwarf, White Wolf, Different Worlds, Dragon, Polyhedron, The Games Machine, and Challenge.
Auxins (plural of auxin ) are a class of plant hormones (or plant-growth regulators) with some morphogen-like characteristics. Auxins play a cardinal role in coordination of many growth and behavioral processes in plant life cycles and are essential for plant body development. The Dutch biologist Frits Warmolt Went first described auxins and their role in plant growth in the 1920s.Kenneth V. Thimann became the first to isolate one of these phytohormones and to determine its chemical structure as indole-3-acetic acid (IAA). Went and Thimann co-authored a book on plant hormones, Phytohormones, in 1937.
Salvador González (died 1067) was a Castilian nobleman active in the regions of La Bureba and Burgos in the middle third of the eleventh century. His origins are obscure, and he thus stands at the head of his lineage, the Salvadórez. He remained loyal to the ruler of Castile throughout his career, even when it meant a loss of position after the Bureba was acquired by neighbouring Pamplona.
Irene Bridger is a gospel musician from Twillingate, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. She has worked with audio engineer Dean Stairs. A Heart Full of Love was her first album. In 2005, she released her second album, You. The title track from this album was written by Ada Jenkins, a friend of Bridger. Bridger's album Living Prayer was nominated in the Inspirational Album of the Year category at the 2007 Covenant Awards. She was featured on Hope in the Midst of a Storm, a 2008 album produced in support of the Janeway Children's Health and Rehabilitation Centre. Also in 2008, she performed at Gander Pentecostal Church as part of MusicNL's annual awards and conference. She was nominated for the title of Female Artist of the Year at the 2010 MusicNL awards. The other nominees were Mary Barry, Teresa Ennis, Kellie Loder, and Amelia Curran. In 2012, Bridger released Coming Home, an EP inspired by the music of Newfoundland and Labrador. Despite never having fully written a song herself before, she wrote all of the songs on this album herself.
Danced in the Fire is the fifth studio album by New Zealand singer songwriter Sharon O'Neill and first on the Polydor Records label.
Nazha El-Khalidi (Laayoune, Western Sahara, December 27, 1991) is a Sahrawi journalist and activist. She is a member of Equipe Media.
On August 21, 2016, she was arrested at Fem Lwad beach by the Gendarmerie Royale after recording a demonstration in support of Western Sahara's self-determination. She was working for Western Sahara's television.On December 4, 2018, she was arrested again after broadcasting another demonstration via Facebook, being judged on May 20, 2019.
Tepetaşpınar is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Toros Mountains. At 37°01′N 34°40′E it is 40 kilometres (25 mi) to Tarsus and 60 kilometres (37 mi) to Mersin. The population of village is 210  as of 2011.
In the field of user interfaces, an endocentric environment refers to a virtual reality or some other immersive environment which is introduced directly into the user's senses (for example by using VR goggles).
Systems which display a virtual reality indirectly to the user (for example by placing the viewer in a room made up entirely of rear projection screens) do not qualify.
Ali El-Khatib (Arabic: علي الخطيب, Hebrew: עלי חטיב; born 18 March 1989) is a Palestinian professional footballer who plays for Maccabi Ahi Nazareth and the Palestine national team.
Melissa & Joey is an American television sitcom starring Melissa Joan Hart and Joey Lawrence. The series revolves around Melanie "Mel" Burke (Hart), an up-and-coming local politician who hires Joseph  "Joe" Longo (Lawrence), a recently divorced commodities broker, as the nanny for her niece and nephew. The series premiered on August 17, 2010, on ABC Family.
Melissa & Joey stood as Wednesday's No.1 cable TV telecast at 8 o'clock in Adults 18–34, Women 18–34, Women 18–49  and Females 12–34 Demographics. Season 2 also dominated its cable time period, ranking No.1 across key measures Adults 18–34, Women 18–34, Adults 18–49, Women 18–49, Viewers 12–34 and Females 12–34.On February 9, 2015, ABC Family decided to end the show after four seasons and a total of 104 episodes for the series. The series finale aired on August 5, 2015.
Corps Commander, or "Corps Commander: Operational Manoeuvre Group" is a set of micro-armour Miniature wargaming rules designed by Bruce Rea Taylor and Andy Ashton and published in the UK by Tabletop games copyrighted by B. A. Rea Taylor, A. Ashton & Tabletop Games  July 1986.
These rules simulates modern warfare between forces of up to Corps or Army Level in any future war on the Central Front in Europe.
The basic elements (units) in the game are tank and mechanised infantry platoons, infantry companies, and artillery batteries. All aspects of modern warfare are covered including helicopters, air power, NBC, logistics and electronics. A Divisional Level assault can easily be played on a standard 8' x 6' table, whilst a heliborne assault on a vital bridge can be played on a 2' x 2' table. Thus allowing several campaign battles to take place in one evening.
Nathaniel Cannon Smith (1866–1943), professionally known as Nat. C. Smith, was an American painter and architect of New Bedford, Massachusetts.
Melanoplus foedus, the striped sand grasshopper, is a species of spur-throated grasshopper in the family Acrididae. It is found in North America.
State Highway 81 (SH-81) is a state highway in Cassia County, Idaho. The highway runs for 33.978 miles (54.682 km) from SH-77 in Malta to U.S. Route 30 (US-30) in Burley. It also has a short spur route connecting the highway to Interstate 84 (I-84) at the Yale Interchange.
Prior to its designation as SH-81 in 1972, the highway was part of U.S. Route 30S (US-30S), a multi-state national highway that traveled from Burley to Granger, Wyoming.
Ministry of Internal Affairs of Bashkortostan or just The Police of Bashkortostan (Министерство внутренних дел по Республике Башкортостан - полиции Башкортостана) is the interior ministry of Bashkortostan in Russia.
Saskatchewan is the sixth-most populous province in Canada with 1,098,352 residents as of 2016 and is the fifth-largest in land area at 588,244 km2 (227,122 sq mi). In 2016, Saskatchewan's 774 municipalities covered 52.7% of the province's land mass and were home to 94.8% of its population. These 774 municipalities are local government "creatures of provincial jurisdiction" with natural persons power. One of the key purposes of Saskatchewan's municipalities are "to provide services, facilities and other things that, in the opinion of council, are necessary or desirable for all or a part of the municipality". Other purposes are to: "provide good government"; "develop and maintain a safe and viable community"; "foster economic, social and environmental well-being" and "provide wise stewardship of public assets."The Government of Saskatchewan's Ministry of Municipal Relations recognizes three general types of municipalities and seven sub-types – urban municipalities (cities, towns, villages and resort villages), rural municipalities and northern municipalities (northern towns, northern villages and northern hamlets). Cities are formed under the provincial authority of The Cities Act, which was enacted in 2002. Towns, villages, resort villages and rural municipalities are formed under the authority of The Municipalities Act, enacted in 2005. The three sub-types of northern municipalities are formed under the authority of The Northern Municipalities Act, enacted in 2010. As provincial laws, these three acts were passed by the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan with royal assent granted by the Lieutenant Governor.
Of Saskatchewan's 774 municipalities, 454 of them are urban municipalities (16 cities, 147 towns, 250 villages and 41 resort villages), 296 are rural municipalities and 24 are northern municipalities (2 northern towns, 11 northern villages and 11 northern hamlets). The Cities Act, The Municipalities Act and The Northern Municipalities Act stipulate governance of these municipalities. Saskatchewan's Ministry of Municipal Relations is responsible for providing provincial programs and services to municipalities.In 2016, just over 42% of Saskatchewan's population resided in its two largest cities. Saskatoon, the largest city, is home to 22% of the province's population (246,376 residents), while Regina, Saskatchewan's capital city, is home to 20% (215,106 residents). The resort villages of Greig Lake and Leslie Beach are tied as Saskatchewan's smallest municipalities by population with 10 people each. The largest municipality by land area is the Rural Municipality of Hudson Bay No. 394 at 12,462.61 km2 (4,811.84 sq mi), while the smallest by land area is the Resort Village of Pelican Pointe at 0.12 km2 (0.046 sq mi).
Sheldon Stephen Dries (born April 23, 1994) is an American professional ice hockey forward currently playing with the Abbotsford Canucks in the American Hockey League (AHL) while under contract to the Vancouver Canucks in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Mass production, also known as flow production or continuous production, is the production of substantial amounts of standardized products in a constant flow, including and especially on assembly lines. Together with job production and batch production, it is one of the three main production methods.The term mass production was popularized by a 1926 article in the Encyclopædia Britannica supplement that was written based on correspondence with Ford Motor Company.  The New York Times used the term in the title of an article that appeared before publication of the Britannica article.The concepts of mass production are applied to various kinds of products: from fluids and particulates handled in bulk (food, fuel, chemicals and mined minerals), to parts and assemblies of parts (household appliances and automobiles).
Some mass production techniques, such as standardized sizes and production lines, predate the Industrial Revolution by many centuries; however, it was not until the introduction of machine tools and techniques to produce interchangeable parts were developed in the mid 19th century that modern mass production was possible.
Ghazi bin Faisal (Arabic: غازي ابن فيصل, romanized: Ġāzī bin Fayṣal) (21 March 1912 – 4 April 1939) was the King of Iraq from 1933 to 1939 having been briefly Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Syria in 1920. He was born in Mecca, the only son of Faisal I, the first King of Iraq.
The Lakshana Devi Temple in Bharmour is a post-Gupta era Hindu temple in Himachal Pradesh dedicated to Durga in her Mahishasura-mardini form. It is dated to the second half of the 7th-century, and is in part one of the oldest surviving wooden temples in India.The temple is the oldest surviving structure of the former capital of Bharmour, also referred to as Bharmaur, Barmawar, Brahmor or Brahmapura in historic texts. Its roof and walls have been repaired over the centuries and it looks like a hut, but the Himachal Hindu community has preserved its intricately carved wooden entrance, interior and ceiling that reflects the high art of late Gupta style and era. The design and a late Gupta script inscription below the brass metal goddess statue in its sanctum confirms its antiquity. The wooden carvings include Shaivism and Vaishnavism motifs and themes.
Shahriston is a station of the Tashkent Metro on Yunusobod Line. It was opened on 24 October 2001 as part of the inaugural section of the line, between Ming Orik and  Habib Abdullayev. Previously it was called Habib Abdullayev (Uzbek: Habib Abdullayev, Ҳабиб Абдуллаев). On June 16, 2015 the station was renamed to "Shahristan" according to the decision of hakim (mayor) Tashkent. The station served the northern terminus of the line until 29 August 2020, when the line was extended north to Turkiston.
Jambiani is a group of villages on the Tanzanian island of Unguja, part of Zanzibar. It is located on the southeast coast between Paje and Makunduchi. Jambiani has a strong seaweed culture with many farms dotting the coastline and employing 15,000 locals, mainly women. 
Most seaweed that is farmed here is sold to the Zanea Seaweeds Ltd company and distributed around the globe. The Island of Zanzibar produces around 11,000 tons of seaweed each year, a large amount of this coming from Jambiani sources.
D. Bruce Winter (born 18 April 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Norwood Football Club and the Sturt Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL). He also coached Woodville-West Torrens.
Outside of football, Winter worked as a microbiologist at the Institute of Medical and Veterinary Science.
This is a list of the Maronite patriarchs of Antioch and all the East, the primate of the Maronite Church, one of the Eastern Catholic Churches. Starting with Paul Peter Massad in 1854, after becoming patriarch of the Maronite Catholic Patriarchate of Antioch, they assume the name "Peter" (Boutros in Arabic, بطرس ), after the traditional first Bishop of Antioch, St. Peter, who was also the head of the Apostles. The official title that the Maronite Patriarch assumes is "Patriarch of Antioch and All the East". To this date 15 patriarchs have been canonized by the Catholic Church, with an extra two being beatified but not yet canonized.
For the Patriarchs of Antioch before John Maron, see List of Patriarchs of Antioch.
Random Encounter is an independent American video game music cover/inspired band from Orlando, Florida that features an accordion as the lead instrument. Dedicated to the creation and performance of high energy music, they are known for playing songs based on video games and for their covers of songs from popular television shows and movies.
Raúl Alfredo Magaña Monzón (24 February 1940 – 30 September 2009) was a Salvadoran footballer and manager.
He is regarded as one of the greats of Salvadoran football.
This is a summary of 1980 in music in the United Kingdom, including the official charts from that year.
James W. Freeman House is a historic home and national historic district located near Wilton, Granville County, North Carolina.  It was built about 1820, and is a 1 1/2-story, three bay, heavy timber frame dwelling with Georgian / Federal style design elements.  It has a steeply pitched roof and an exterior brick end chimney.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Asahi (朝日町, Asahi-chō) was a town located in Kamikawa (Teshio) District, Kamikawa Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan.
As of 2004, the town had an estimated population of 1,799 and a density of 3.45 persons per km². The total area was 522.01 km².
On September 1, 2005, Asahi was merged into the expanded city of Shibetsu.
Wilson Kindley Farm and Kindley Mine is a historic home, farm, gold mine, and national historic district located near Asheboro, Randolph County, North Carolina.  The Wilson Kindley House was built around 1873, and is a two-story, single-pile, three-bay, vernacular Greek Revival style brick dwelling.  It has a moderately pitched gable roof and overhanging eaves.  Other contributing resources are the well, wheathouse, the agricultural landscape, and the Kindley Mine, which was dug in the later quarter of the 19th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
The Catacombs was a gay and lesbian S/M leather fisting club in the South of Market area of San Francisco, which operated from 1975 to 1981, and reopened at another location from 1982 to 1984. It was the most famous fisting club in the world. The founder and owner was Steve McEachern. The location was semi-secret and admission was by referral only. It was originally a gay men's club, and Cynthia Slater persuaded the management to open up to lesbians.  Among the patrons was Patrick Califia, known then as Pat Califia. The Catacombs has been exhaustively described by sexual anthropologist Gayle Rubin, who calls it "exemplary" in its attempts to deal with the AIDS crisis which would eventually lead to its closure. Patrick Moore devotes a chapter to it in his Beyond Shame: Reclaiming the Abandoned History of Radical Gay Sexuality. Sex educator Carol Queen called it "the place to be seen and to play at during the 1980s."The San Francisco South of Market Leather History Alley consists of four works of art along Ringold Alley honoring leather culture; it opened in 2017. One of the works of art is metal bootprints along the curb which honor 28 people, including Catacombs founder and owner Steve McEachern, who were an important part of the leather communities of San Francisco.
Atelopus glyphus, the Pirri harlequin frog or Pirri Range stubfoot toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae found in Colombia and Panama within the Northwestern Andean montane forests. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Uzovo is a village in General Toshevo Municipality, Dobrich Province, in northeastern Bulgaria.
Jacopo del Sellaio (1441/2–1493), was an Italian painter of the early Renaissance, active in his native Florence. His real name was Jacopo di Arcangelo. He worked in an eclectic style based on those of Botticelli, Filippino Lippi, and Domenico Ghirlandaio. The nickname Sellaio derives from the profession of his father, a saddle maker.
According to Vasari, Sellaio was a pupil of Fra Filippo Lippi. In Lippi's workshop he would have met Sandro Botticelli, who had a lasting influence on Sellaio's work. Sellaio joined the Florentine painters' confraternity the Compagnia di San Luca in 1460. In 1472 he was sharing a workshop with Biagio d'Antonio, and in 1473 he formed a partnership with Filippo di Giuliano that he maintained until his death in 1493. A painter named Zanobi di Giovanni is documented in the workshop in 1490. Neither Filippo nor Zanobi's extant works have been identified, but the former is sometimes identified with the anonymous painter known as the Master of the Fiesole Epiphany.Today Sellaio is best known for paintings from the fronts of cassoni, or wedding chests. These often depict stories from ancient mythology, Roman history, or the Bible. His most famous such commission is the Morelli and Nerli pair of 1472 (now London, Courtauld Institute Gallery), manufactured by the carpenter Zanobi di Domenico and painted by Sellaio in collaboration with Biagio d'Antonio. Sellaio's three panels with the Story of Esther, now in the Uffizi Gallery, Florence, also belonged to a pair of cassoni along with two other panels now in the Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest and the Louvre, Paris.
Sellaio produced a large number of religious panels, including many of the Saint Jerome and Saint John the Baptist. His altarpieces include two panels of the Annunciation for Santa Lucia de' Magnoli, Florence, painted in 1473; a Pietà commissioned in 1483 for the chapel of the Compagnia di San Frediano detta della Brucciata in the Florentine church of San Frediano (later at the Royal Museum in Berlin and destroyed in 1945); and a Crucifixion painted around 1490, also for San Frediano and now in the church of seventeenth-century church of San Frediano in Cestello.
Sellaio's son, Arcangelo (1477/78-1531), was also a painter, and was formerly known as the Master of the Miller Tondo.During the German occupation of France, Sellaio's "Madonna and Child, Saint John the Baptist and two angels," was seized in Paris from Austrian refugees Anne and Fritz Unger by a Nazi looting organisation. The painting resurfaced in 1974 at the Galerie Fischer in Lucerne, Switzerland, and was acquired via Christies and an Italian antiquarian by the Italian collector, Francesco Federico Cerruti.  A settlement between the Cerruti Foundation and the Arens-Unger family specified that the museum will tell the history of the stolen and recovered work.
Marianka is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Malacky District in the Bratislava region, in the foothills of the Little Carpathians. The village is the oldest pilgrimage site in Slovakia and the first pilgrimage site dedicated to Virgin Mary in the area of former Hungarian Kingdom. It used to be as  famous as the well known Mariazell in Austria and the Polish pilgrimage place Częstochowa. The communist regime between years 1948-1989 suppressed all religious activity and the village as a pilgrimage site was planned for demise, however the village survived.
Ousmane Diarra (born 30 September 1966) is a retired Malian athlete who competed in sprinting events. He competed at three consecutive Summer Olympics, beginning in 1988, in addition to five outdoor World Championships.
Verrucaria serpuloides is a species of lichen belonging to the family Verrucariaceae. It is native to the Antarctic Peninsula. It is one of only two permanently submerged species of lichen, the other being Hydrothyria venosa, and the only one found in a marine environment. Collections of the species were first made in 1944 by Ivan Mackenzie Lamb.The species has been discovered living up to 10 meters below mean high tide. It creates jet-black patches on the base of submerged rocks. It uses green algae as a symbiont.
Godfrey's Cordial was a patent medicine, containing laudanum (tincture of opium) in a sweet syrup, which was commonly used as a sedative to quieten infants and children in Victorian England. Used mostly by mothers working in agricultural groups or industry, it ensured that she could work the maximum hours of her employment, without being disturbed by her infant, and thus increased the family income. It was also used by nurses and baby-minders to enable them to neglect their duties if they wished.
Slinky Pictures was a London based film and television production company.  The company was created in 2000 by Maria Manton and Chris Shepherd and closed on its tenth anniversary in 2010. Its animation and hybrid output included commercials, short films, pop promos and television shows. Directors include: Chris Shepherd, Lucy Izzard, Suzanne Deakin, Emily Skinner, Leigh Hodgkinson, Andy Ward, Rebecca Manley, Laura Heit and Joe King.
Notable credits include animation for Fonejacker, Monkey Dust, Nathan Barley and U2, and films such as Dad's Dead, Who I Am And What I Want, Silence Is Golden, Moo(n), The Lucky Dip and its final film Bad Night for the Blues
Founded in 1919, the American Classical League (ACL) is a professional organization which promotes the study of classical civilization at all levels of education in the United States and Canada.  Teachers of Latin, Ancient Greek and the Classics account for the majority of its membership, though the ACL is open to any person interested in preserving the language, literature and culture of both Ancient Rome and Ancient Greece.  Currently based in Hamilton, Ohio, the league publishes and provides hundreds of teaching aids; runs a national placement service for teachers of Latin and Greek; sponsors the National Latin Examination (NLE); functions as the parent organization of both the National Junior Classical League (NJCL) and National Senior Classical League (NSCL); and annually holds a convention — the Annual Institute — to promote excellence in the teaching of classical studies.  The ACL also encourages and supports ongoing dialogue with other classical and modern language associations.
Heinz-Leo Fischer (1902–1977) was an Austrian stage, television and film actor. During the Weimar Republic of the 1920s he appeared in plays such as Marlborough Goes to War.
Peter Thorstensen (1752–1792) was a Danish physician and chemist who settled in Norway.
He was born in Denmark to immigrants from Iceland, and studied medicine in Copenhagen. His doctoral thesis in 1775 examined medical use of quassin from the plant quassia amara. He was appointed as physician (Norwegian: bergmedicus) in Kongsberg, at the Kongsberg Silver Mines. From 1784 he lectured at the Kongsberg School of Mines, in chemistry, physics and mineralogy.
Makri, also known as Mankri, is a village in Syana tehsil of the Bulandshahr district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is located approximately 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from Syana and 38 kilometres (24 mi) east of Bulandshahr.
The MTV Video Music Award Japan for Best R&B Video (Japanese:最優秀R&Bビデオ賞) has been given annually since 2002. Namie Amuro has won it four times.
Sami Michael (Hebrew: סמי מיכאל, Arabic: سامي ميخائيل; born August 15, 1926) is an Israeli author, having migrated from Iraq to Israel at the age of 23. Since 2001, Michael has been the President of The Association for Civil Rights in Israel (ACRI).
Michael was among the first in Israel to call for the creation of an independent Palestinian state to exist alongside Israel. In his novels, Michael writes about the aspirations and struggles of both Jews and Arabs. This new approach in modern Hebrew literature was controversial and has been widely discussed in universities and in the media. Michael was awarded the EMET Prize in 2007. Michael defines himself not as a Zionist, but  as an Israeli in order to make room for the inclusion of all citizens in Israel.
The White Witch is a fictional comic book character who exists in the DC Universe, a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries. Her real name is Mysa Nal, although her name was given as Xola Aq in Silver Age Legion stories in Adventure Comics; the revelation that her name was actually Mysa Nal was a later retcon. She is the sister of fellow Legionnaire Dream Girl and daughter of former High Seer of Naltor Kiwa Nal. Like Dream Girl, she is a native of the planet Naltor, where nearly everyone has the power of precognition, but unlike most Naltorians, Mysa cannot foresee the future.
Imno [ˈimnɔ] (German: Immenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Golczewo, 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski, and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
The men's football team plays in the Campeonato de Portugal, the fourth tier of Portuguese football. The team was promoted to the league after winning the 2020–21 I Divisão AF Castelo Branco. The team enjoyed spells on the old fourth tier, the Terceira Divisão, in 1999–2000 and 2003 to 2007.
Sandy Madeleine Baltimore (born 19 February 2000) is a French professional footballer who plays as a forward for Division 1 Féminine club Paris Saint-Germain and the France national team.
Tony Lawrence (born c. 1936) is a Kittitian-American singer, actor, community activist and festival organiser.   In the late 1960s and early 1970s, he was one of the main organisers of the annual Harlem Cultural Festival in New York City, including the 1969 festival celebrated in the 2021 documentary film Summer of Soul.    His activities after the 1980s, and possible death, are unconfirmed.
Zimmeriana lasiodactylum is a species of cumacean, in the Gynodiastylidae family. It is found in Western Australia at depths of 9-23m. Specimens have been found of adult female and subadult male but not adult male.
Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Shirez Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 154, spread among 38 families.
David Nyfjäll (born 26 January 1999) is a Swedish golfer. He won the 2017 Jacques Léglise Trophy, the 2019 European Amateur Team Championship and the 2019 Arnold Palmer Cup.
Touch My Heart is a studio album by country music artist Ray Price. It was released in 1967 by Columbia Records (catalog no. CL-2606).
The album debuted on Billboard magazine's country album chart on January 28, 1967, peaked at No. 1, and remained on the chart for a total of 35 weeks. The album included two singles that became Top 10 hits: "Touch My Heart" (No. 3) and "A Way to Survive" (No. 7).AllMusic gave the album four-and-a-half stars.
Elizabeth Frances Amherst (c. 1716 – 1779), was an English poet and amateur naturalist who remained largely unpublished during her lifetime.
The Curry Club  was founded by Pat Chapman in 1982, to further the understanding and appreciation of the cuisines of the Indian subcontinent. In 2007 it became known as Pat Chapman's Curry Club.
Victor is a 1951 French drama film directed by Claude Heymann and starring Jean Gabin, Françoise Christophe and Jacques Castelot.
Marie Magdalena Frey (1812–1870) was a stage actor. She was engaged at the Estates Theatre in Prague in 1834–1870, where she belonged to the theatre's star attractions. She was known for her roles as heroine, main parts in salon dramas and later her mother parts.
Menetou-Salon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. Inhabitants of the area are known as Monestrosaloniens.
Karunaige Agu is a 1990 Maldivian film directed by Easa Shareef. Produced by Shareef under D.H. Studio and Easa Films, the film stars Asad Shareef, Fathimath Nizar, Fathimath Rahma and Easa Shareef in pivotal roles.
The 103rd Cavalry Regiment was a unit of the Pennsylvania National Guard that existed from 1921 to 1940, when it was re-designated the 190th Field Artillery Regiment.
The regiment was constituted in 1921 from the 1st Pennsylvania Cavalry Regiment and had its headquarters in Philadelphia and later Tyrone. The regiment was assigned to the 21st Cavalry Division. The 103rd Cavalry provided relief assistance during floods in 1936.  During 1937-1938, Maurice Rose was a regular army instructor to the 103rd Cavalry. The regiment was relieved from the 21st Cavalry Division and assigned to the 22nd Cavalry Division in January 1939. On 23 September 1940, the regiment was converted to the 190th F.A. Regiment.
Nysius huttoni, the wheat bug, is a species of seed bug, an insect in the family Lygaeidae. It was formerly endemic to New Zealand, but was introduced to Europe, including Belgium, France, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. In New Zealand, it is an economically important pest of wheat and crops in the mustard family.
St. Barbe-L'Anse aux Meadows is a provincial electoral district in Newfoundland and Labrador, which is represented by one member in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly. It was contested for the first time in the 2015 provincial election. It was created out of all of The Straits-White Bay North and part of St. Barbe.
The men's 800 metres event at the 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada, at Moncton Stadium on 23, 24 and 25 July.
KMGG-LP is a low-power FM radio station based in Albuquerque, New Mexico broadcasting to the area at 100 watts from the east side of the city at 99.9 MHz.  The signal can be received in much of the metro area.  KMGG-LP is owned by Future Broadcasters Inc. a local non-profit organization.  This station was granted an original construction permit on February 21, 2014 and assigned the call letters KMGG-LP.  The station began broadcasting in early July 2014 branding as 99.9 The Beat with an Urban Adult Contemporary music format featuring mostly R&B hits from the 1970s to present. Sheryl Underwood hosts a syndicated show that is featured weekdays 6-10 AM. Sunday Gospel with syndicated show Hezakiah Walker Countdown
KMGG-LP was started under the non-profit, Future Broadcasters Inc., which was started by Byron Powdrell (the station's licensee) to mentor children in the art of radio. 99.9 The Beat became Albuquerque's first successful non-profit, low-power radio station, and gave a platform for youth to facilitate their dreams and offer an educational S.T.E.M. experience right at home, all in an entertaining, fun format. 99.1 The Beat can offer local artists a place to present their art, which can be near impossible for an unknown artist to do at a commercial station.
The Agrarian Party of Moldova (Romanian: Partidul Agrar din Moldova, PAM), formerly the Democratic Agrarian Party of Moldova (Partidul Democrat Agrar din Moldova, PDAM), is a Moldovan political party that was prominent from 1991 to 1998. Governing for most of this period, the party represented a large centrist multi-ethnic bloc led by former collective farm chairmen and village mayors. These reformed Communists were motivated more by patronage than ideology and committed to maintaining their positions of power in the privatised agricultural and agro-industrial sector. To its right stood the pan-Romanians of the Popular Front, and to its left, the Socialists and later the Communists.
The Heinkel HD 38 was a fighter aircraft developed in Germany in the late 1920s. It was a compact, single-bay biplane with staggered wings of unequal span, braced with N-type interplane struts, a refined version of the HD 37 that had been evaluated and rejected by the Reichswehr for use at the secret training facility at Lipetsk. The HD 38 was designed in the hope of capturing a different niche - that of a seaplane fighter, and was designed with a twin pontoon undercarriage that could be quickly removed and replaced with wheels. It was accepted in this role, but did not serve in it for long before being relegated to general training duties. Even then, it was not long before Germany abandoned the Lipetsk base to the Soviet Union.
Amigo is the fifth studio album released by American country music singer David Ball. It was released in 2001 on the Dualtone Records label. The album produced a hit single in "Riding with Private Malone", which reached number 2 on the Billboard country charts and #36 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his first Top 40 hit since "Look What Followed Me Home" in 1995. Despite the success of the lead-off single, however, neither of the two follow-ups — "She Always Talked About Mexico" and "Whenever You Come Back to Me" — charted. The track "Texas Echo" is a re-recording of a song which Ball originally recorded on his 1989 self-titled debut.
Pecks Lake is a small reservoir, fed by water from the adjacent Verde River, near Clarkdale in the U.S. state of Arizona. The name of the nearby Tuzigoot National Monument comes from an Apache word, Tuzigoot, meaning crooked water. The "crooked water" reference is to Pecks Lake, established in a cutoff meander of the river.The shallow lake gets most of its water from the river through a tunnel on the northwest corner of the property, downstream from a large slag heap from the former copper smelter at Clarkdale. Overflow from the lake passes over a weir at the east end of the lake into Tavasci Marsh. The surrounding area includes the capped and re-vegetated tailings pond of the smelter, which processed ore from the United Verde copper mine at Jerome.
The Economic Transformation Programme is an initiative by the Malaysian government to turn Malaysia into a high income economy by the year of 2020. It is managed by the Performance Management and Delivery Unit (PEMANDU), an agency under the Prime Minister Department of Malaysia.
Cynthia McQuillin (July 25, 1953 – January 14, 2006) was a filk singer and writer as well as an author and artist. She lived in the San Francisco Bay area. Her songs touched the usual filk topics of science fiction, fantasy, and cats, but also feminism, love, Paganism, and Sizeism.
Her life partner and frequent musical collaborator was the filk singer James Robinson, who was then known as Dr. Jane Robinson.  McQuillin reportedly said, upon meeting James for the first time, "At last I get to meet the man I fell in love with!"Cynthia was inducted to the Filk Hall of Fame at FilKONtario in 1998.A book of songs by McQuillin as the "Cynthia McQuillin Songbook, ("everything that Dr. Jim Robinson, Kristoph Klover & Margaret Davis, Harold Stein, Mary Creasey, Kay Shapero, Bob Kanefsky, Alan Thiesen, and Lee Gold could find in 2013") was compiled and published by Lee Gold in 2013.
Israel's Anti-Concentration Law, formally “A Law for Promotion of Competition and Reduction of Concentration”, is a law passed in December 2013 that seeks to reduce the size of existing large Israeli business groups organized in a pyramidal holding structures, separate financial holdings from non-financial holdings and prevent new pyramids from being formed.
The law was approved by Israel's Knesset with no objections and included both coalition and opposition parties: 42 coalition Knesset members and 30 opposition Knesset members voted for the law, an extremely rare result in the Knesset's history.The Anti-Concentration Law is arguably the broadest-reaching economic policy measure taken by an Israeli government since the 1985 Israel Economic Stabilization Plan, which helped the country fight hyperinflation. In a January 7, 2014, New York Times article titled “Overhaul of Israel’s Economy Offers Lessons for United States” Steven Davidoff wrote that “with a single bill and a few big changes in its corporate law, Israel is looking to overhaul its economy and hopefully reduce income inequality”.The law followed the creation of a committee, on October 24, 2010, whose final recommendations were handed in February 2012. The committee's work has taken a dramatic turn and accelerated considerably following the wave of social justice protests that swept Israel during the summer of 2011.
The issue of the concentration of economic power in few hands and its effect on competitiveness, prices, productivity, innovation and politics and lawmaking was campaigned for since 2008 by TheMarker, a leading Israeli business publication.
An October 15, 2015 article in Financial Times stated that: “…it is the role that the business newspaper TheMarker has played in Israel in exposing the effect on the national economy of the concentration of power and wealth in the hands of a few billionaires”.In a March 23, 2015 article titled “ How To Fix American Journalism” in The Nation, Michael Massing wrote: “…  TheMarker, an Israeli financial newspaper distributed as a supplement to Haaretz, waged an unflagging campaign beginning in the mid-2000s against the extraordinary concentration of economic power in Israel and the dangers that this development posed to Israeli society and democracy. Led by its founding editor, Guy Rolnik, the paper ran periodic stories and columns that paid special attention to the ‘Israeli oligarchs,’ a small group of billionaires and their families who controlled much of the Israeli economy. When the campaign began, the subject of economic concentration was barely discussed in Israel. The stories fed growing outrage over inequality, leading to a series of mass demonstrations in 2011. Those protests, in turn, spurred the Knesset to pass a bill to break up the Israeli conglomerates. It was a remarkable display of how one news organization, through tenacious and unflinching reporting over a period of years, can help spur systemic change.”Also, in a December 11, 2013, HaAyin HaShevi'it, an independent watchdog that focuses on the Israeli press, wrote that “For better or for worse, those who made concentration a major discussion topic are TheMarker, led by Rolnik. This is definitely an exceptional example, not only in Israel, of a media outlet that successfully employs an aggressive, but also creative and diverse, campaign to significantly influence the public discourse to the point of pushing for a law that is expected to lead to major changes in the economy’s structure.”
Wagneripteryx is a genus of true bugs belonging to the family Cicadellidae.
The Lisbon Historic District is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 30 and Ohio route 45 in Lisbon, Ohio. The district covers approximately 42 acres (17 ha).
The town of Lisbon was located along important land and water transportation routes from the east into newly settled territories in the west. As a result of this, Lisbon, the second oldest town in Ohio, played an important part in the development of Ohio, which had been granted statehood in 1803.The district features a number of commercial and residential buildings which were constructed during the period from 1810–1900. The buildings, examples of predominantly Federal architecture, were mostly constructed of brick. The historic district encompasses the original town square (pictured).The Lisbon Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in August 1979.
Valentí Serra i Fornell (Manresa, Bages, 1959), is a Spanish Capuchin and priest, whose religious name is Valentí Serra de Manresa.
The Norwood state by-election, 1980 was a by-election held on 16 February 1980 for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Norwood. 
The seat had been held by former Premier and Labor MHA Don Dunstan from the 1953 state election, until his resignation in February 1979. The subsequent March 1979 by-election was won by Labor's Greg Crafter, but Crafter lost to the Liberal Party's Frank Webster at the September 1979 state election.
The 1979 state election result was overturned because the Court of Disputed Returns found that a Liberal Party advertisement in an Italian language newspaper, which described  Webster as "your representative" ("il vostro deputato"), gave the false impression that Webster was the sitting member.Therefore a by-election was held in February 1980, and Crafter regained the seat.
Jack-A-Dandy is a supervillain created by writer Alan Moore and artist Rob Liefeld, as guided by Mort Weisinger. The character is modeled after the Joker and the Riddler to be the archenemy of comic book hero Professor Night, which is a character based on the Batman mythos.
His gimmick consists of dressing like an early twentieth century high society gentleman and creating havoc out of boredom. In one of the Supreme earlier stories, he teams up with Darius Dax to switch Supreme and Professor Night's minds, but the duo manage to reverse the effect and switch the minds of the two villains.
Romulus' Victory Over Acron (Romulus, Conqueror of Acron) is a painting completed in 1812 by the French Neoclassical artist Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres. Ingres' source for this subject comes from Plutarch's Life of Romulus. The painting depicts the war that resulted from the Roman abduction of the young Sabine women in an effort to remedy the shortage of women in the newly founded city of Rome. In retaliation Acron, the king of the neighbouring tribe, the Caeninenses, declared war upon the Romans. He and his tribesmen were mercilessly defeated and their city sacked by the Romans.
The bead theory is a disproved hypothesis that genes are arranged on the chromosome like beads on a necklace. This theory was first proposed by Thomas Hunt Morgan after discovering genes through his work with breeding red and white eyed fruit flies. According to this theory, the existence of a gene as a unit of inheritance is recognized through its mutant alleles. A mutant allele affects a single phenotypic character, maps to one chromosome locus, gives a mutant phenotype when paired and shows a Mendelian ratio when intercrossed. Several tenets of the bead theory are worth emphasizing :-
1. The gene is viewed as a fundamental unit of structure, indivisible by crossing over. Crossing over take place between genes ( the beads in this model ) but never within them.
2. The gene is viewed as the fundamental unit of change or mutation. It changes in toto from one allelic form into another; there are no smaller components within it that can change.
3. The gene is viewed as the fundamental unit of function ( although the precise function of gene is not specified in this model ). Parts of a gene, if they exist cannot function. Guido Pontecorvo continued to work under the basis of this theory until 
Seymour Benzer showed in the 1950s that the bead theory was not correct. He demonstrated that a gene can be defined as a unit of function. A gene can be subdivided into a linear array of sites that are mutable and that can be recombined. The smallest units of mutation and recombination are now known to be correlated with single nucleotide pairs.
Neola is a census-designated place (CDP) in Duchesne County, Utah, United States. The population was 461 at the 2010 census. Neola was established in 1912.
William D. Irvine is a Canadian writer, historian and academic, currently Professor Emeritus of History at York University. He specializes in French history and has published a book on the Human Rights League of France (Ligue des droits de l'homme). He received his B.A. degree in 1966 from the University of British Columbia and Ph.D. from Princeton University. As an author, he has largely been collected by libraries.
Lucius Marcius Censorinus was a Roman Republican consul who served alongside Manius Manilius.
He and Manilius led the Roman legions in an ill-fated two-pronged attack on Carthage, which was eventually repulsed by the army of the Carthaginian Generals Hasdrubal the Boeotarch and Himilco Phameas, during the first stages of the Third Punic War.
Leroy "Red" Bass (May 5, 1918 – May 7, 2003) was an American baseball catcher in the Negro leagues. He played with the Homestead Grays and the Birmingham Black Barons in 1940.
Olszyny-Kolonia [ɔlˈʂɨnɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in northeast Poland.
Yeşilçukurca is a village in the District of Bozüyük, Bilecik Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 45  people.
Ohad Naharin  (born 1952) (Hebrew: אוהד נהרין) is an Israeli choreographer, contemporary dancer, and creator and teacher of a unique system/language/pedagogy of dance called Gaga. He served as artistic director of Batsheva Dance Company from 1990; he stepped down in 2018.
Whangārei (Māori: [faŋaːˈɾɛi]) is the northernmost city in New Zealand and the regional capital of Northland Region. It is part of the Whangarei District, a local body created in 1989 from the former Whangārei City, Whangārei County and Hikurangi Town councils, to administer both the city proper and its hinterland. The city population was estimated to be 54,300 in June 2021, an increase from 47,000 in 2001.
The House of Hunger (1978) is a novella/short story collection by Zimbabwean writer Dambudzo Marechera (1952–1987), his first published book, and was published three years after he left university and ten years before his death.Sometimes subtitled Short Stories, this work is actually a collection of one novella of 80-odd pages ("House of Hunger") and nine satellite short stories. The small group of texts in its entirety reflects the author’s vision of (mainly township) life in Rhodesia (specifically, the period of Ian Smith’s rule of the country that at independence became Zimbabwe) — with a minority of the shorter pieces in the book depicting an African exile's experience of life in Britain (mainly at Oxford University, where Marechera had studied).
Booroondarra County is one of the 141 Cadastral divisions of New South Wales.
Booroondarra is believed to be derived from a local Aboriginal word.
Chlumy is a village and municipality (obec) in Plzeň-South District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.
The municipality covers an area of 3.69 square kilometres (1.42 sq mi), and has a population of 102 (as at 3 July 2006).
Chlumy lies approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) south-east of Plzeň and 92 km (57 mi) south-west of Prague.
The Field of Streams is a patch of sky where several stellar streams are visible and crisscross.
It was discovered by Vasily Belokurov and Daniel Zucker's team in 2006 by analyzing the Sloan Digital Sky Survey II (SDSS-II) data. The team named the area Field of Streams because of so many crisscrossing trails of stars.The Sagittarius Stream of the Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy (SagDEG) dominates the Field. It has a split trail within the area of the Field of Streams, because SagDEG has wrapped around the Milky Way Galaxy multiple times, which has resulted in overlapping trails. The forking of the trail has made it possible to infer the organization of dark matter in the inner halo of the Milky Way Galaxy, resulting in the determination that it is distributed in a round spherical manner, as opposed to the expected flattened spheroid. The shape of the streams also implies that the dark matter is very cold, due to the thin trails, and persisting existence.Also appearing in the Field is the Monoceros Ring, which was discovered before the Field.
The Honda FES 125 Pantheon is a scooter, manufactured by Honda with both a liquid-cooled four-stroke and also air-cooled two-stroke engine.
BT Business and Public Sector is a retail division of United Kingdom telecommunications company BT Group that provides fixed-line, mobile, broadband and IT services to businesses (predominantly small and medium-sized enterprises) and the public sector in the UK and Ireland. It buys many of these services from BT's other divisions: EE, BT Global Services, BT Wholesale and Openreach. It also sells other vendors' products and services such as the Avaya IP Office business telephone system.
It was formerly known as BT Business that was established alongside BT Consumer following a two-way split from former division, BT Retail in 2013 to allow BT to "better serve its customers and focus even more on delivering its strategic priorities". It took on the business operations of BT Retail that involved the merging of BT Business, BT Enterprises and BT Ireland while BT Wi-fi (part of BT Enterprises) and the consumer part of BT Ireland transferred to BT Consumer. It took on its current name following BT's new organisational structure that took effect in April 2016 after its acquisition of EE, and comprises the existing BT Business division along with EE's business division and those parts of BT Global Services that are UK focused.
Lajos Czinege (1924–1998) was a Hungarian military officer and politician, who served as Minister of Defence from 1960 to 1984.
LocoRoco 2 is a platform game developed by Japan Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the sequel to 2006's LocoRoco and was released for the PSP handheld game console in 2008.
A remastered version was released on the 9th of December 2017 for PlayStation 4.
Abdérazak Hamad (born June 25, 1975) is an Algerian handballer, currently playing as a pivot for French second division side Pays d'Aix Université Club Handball. Hamad is a key member of the Algerian national handball team, which he has represented 101 times during his career.
Hamad was a member of the Algerian national team at the 2011 World Men's Handball Championship in Sweden.
State Highways are stretches with heavy traffic intensity of more than 10,000 PCUs but less than 30,000 PCUs which connects district headquarters, important towns and the National Highways in the state and neighboring states. Construction & Maintenance wing of Highways Department looks after construction, maintenance of all the State Highways (SH), major district roads (MDR), and other district roads (ODR). Tamil Nadu State Highways Network has eight circles: Chennai, Villupuram, Madurai, Salem, Tiruchirappalli, Coimbatore, Tiruppur and Tirunelveli.The state has a total of 286 state highways, 161 state highways urban (SH-U) stretches and 905 major district roads (MDRs), apart from other district roads (ODRs).
Live at the Fillmore is a 2010 live album by American rock musician Chris Isaak. The album was recorded in 2008.
Blue Downs is a town in the Western Cape, South Africa. It forms part of the Oostenberg subregion of the City of Cape Town situated on the eastern outskirts of the city and is also located on the Cape Flats, a flat expanse of land east of Cape Town.
The suburb is one of the outlying areas of Cape Town that has been targeted by the Western Cape provincial government for development. Planned developments include improved public transportation for the area and the building of additional schools.
Ale is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia. Part of the Illubabor Zone, Ale is bordered on the south by the Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples Region, on the west by Nono, on the northwest by Bure, and on the northeast by Metu. Towns in Ale include Ale, Gore and Leka. Didu woreda was part of Ale woreda.
Rivers in Ale include the Moro Kala and Waffa, both part of the drainage area of the Baro. High points include Mount Sidi.
Coffee is an important cash crop of this woreda. Over 50 square kilometers is planted with this crop.
The 2019–20 Kennesaw State Owls men's basketball team represented Kennesaw State University in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Owls, led by first-year head coach Amir Abdur-Rahim, played their home games at the KSU Convocation Center in Kennesaw, Georgia as members of the Atlantic Sun Conference. They finished the season 1–28, 0–16 in ASUN play to finish in last place. They failed to qualify for the ASUN Tournament.
Cuza Vodă is a commune in Galați County, Western Moldavia, Romania with a population of 3,100 people. It is composed of a single village, Cuza Vodă. This was part of Slobozia Conachi Commune until 2005, when it was split off to form a separate commune.
Leskovets (Bulgarian: Лесковец, also transliterated Leskovec) is a village in western Bulgaria. Its located in Oblast Pernik, Obshtina Pernik.
As a Franchise of the National Golden Gloves, the New England Golden Gloves is the annual amateur boxing competition for the New England States. It has been held every year since 1945 at the Lowell Memorial Auditorium in Lowell, Massachusetts. Competitors over the years include boxing greats, such as; Rocky Marciano, Sugar Ray Leonard, Marvin Hagler, and Micky Ward. The competitions typically take place in January through February, with the winners heading to the National Golden Gloves in May.
J.League Super Soccer '95: Jikkyō Stadium (J.League Super Soccer '95 実況 スタジアム) is a 1995 football video game that was released by Hudson Soft exclusively in Japan. It is a sequel to J.League Super Soccer.
Savage Land is a Canadian-American co-produced Western film, directed by Dean Hamilton and released in 1994. Set in the early 1900s, the film stars Corey Carrier and Mercedes McNab as Luke and Hanna Morgan, a brother and sister who are moving to Colorado to reunite with their father after spending some time living with their aunt and uncle in Kansas, only for their stagecoach to be held up by outlaws Quint (Corbin Bernsen) and Cyrus (Brion James).The cast also includes Vivian Schilling, Charlotte Ross and Graham Greene.
The film was shot near Millarville, Alberta, in 1993.The song "Far Away", written by Michael Conway Baker and Penny Anne Baker, received a Genie Award nomination for Best Original Song at the 15th Genie Awards.
Recreation is a short comedy film written, directed by, and starring Charlie Chaplin. It was released on 13 August 1914.
The Promise Ring is an American rock band from Milwaukee, Wisconsin that are recognized as part of the second wave of emo.  Formed in 1995, they first split up in 2002 and have reunited occasionally since 2005. The band has released four studio albums, plus various EPs and singles.
Alessandro Egizio (1597–1689) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Andria (1657–1689).
The Beiderbecke Trilogy refers to three television serials written by Alan Plater and made by Yorkshire Television for the ITV network in the United Kingdom between 1984 and 1988. Each serial centres on schoolteachers Trevor Chaplin (James Bolam) and Jill Swinburne (Barbara Flynn) who work at a rundown comprehensive school in Leeds. Woodwork teacher Trevor enjoys football and jazz music while English teacher Jill is a political activist concerned with saving the environment.
Samsan-myeon (Korean: 삼산면; Hanja: 三山面; RR: Samsan-myeon; MR: Samsan-myŏn; lit. three mountains), also called Samsan Township, or Samsan for short, is a myeon (township) in Yeosu, a city in South Jeolla Province, South Korea. The township is located in the south-western part of the city with a total area of 27.48 square kilometres (10.61 sq mi). The population was recorded to be 2643 people, 1438 males and 1205 females, and the number of houses totaled 1261. The myeon office is located in 28-10, Geomun-gil in Geomun-ri. There are Jeju Province in the south-west of the myeon; mainland of Yeosu in the north-east; Goheung County in the north; and Wando County in the north-east. There is Geomundo/Baekdo zone of Dadohaehaesang National Park in Geomundo and Baekdo. The name of the myeon, Samsan, which means three mountains, is from three main islands in Geomumdo which looked like three mountains: Seodo, Dongdo, and Godo.
Luke Watson (born August 20, 1980) is a retired long-distance runner who specialized in various track and road running disciplines. He represented the United States at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 2004 and 2006. He was a member of one of the greatest generations of high school long distance runners in the US, many of whom happened to be from Stillwater High in the late 1990s. At Notre Dame he studied and also became a very competitive middle and long distance runner, before which he ran at three US Olympic Trials in 2004, 2008, and 2012. Watson retired from competitive running in 2012. He is the older brother of Jake Watson.  Following his running career, Watson earned a PhD in accounting from Pennsylvania State University, and is an assistant accounting professor at Villanova University.  Watson specializes in corporate tax accounting research.
Goodbye Mom (Korean: 애자; RR: Ae-ja) is a 2009 South Korean comedy drama film written and directed by Jeong Gi-hun in his feature debut. Starring Choi Kang-hee and Kim Young-ae, it depicts the story of an unsuccessful writer and her tumultuous relationship with her mother. A box office hit with more than 1.9 million admissions, Jeong also won Best Director for Asian New Talent Award at the 2010 Shanghai International Film Festival.
John William Dale (21 June 1848 – 26 June 1895) was an English rower and cricketer who played for Cambridge University from 1868 to 1870, for Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) from 1869 to 1882 and for Middlesex from 1874 to 1878.  
Dale was born at Lincoln, the son of Thurston Dale, a solicitor. He was educated at Tonbridge School and was in the Tonbridge School cricket team from 1863 to 1866. He was admitted at St John's College, Cambridge on 12 July 1866. He played cricket for Lincolnshire in 1867 and 1868. At Cambridge he played cricket for Cambridge University and was in the winning side in the Varsity match in 1868. In 1869, he rowed in the Cambridge eight stroked by J H D Goldie in the Boat Race. He also played for Cambridge again in a win in the Varsity cricket match. He rowed for Cambridge with Goldie again in the 1870 Boat Race when Cambridge won. In the Varsity cricket match in 1870 he scored 15 and 67 and his partnership with William Yardley in the second innings turned the game and Frank Cobden's hat-trick on the last three balls won the match for Cambridge by two runs. Over the years Dale played many matches for MCC, and Gentlemen's and North of England teams. In 1870 he also played for the Gentlemen against the Players at Lords and at the Oval when he scored 55 in a 164 run partnership with W. G. Grace. Dale was awarded BA in 1870.In 1872, Dale joined the firm of Edmund James Smith, Land Agent to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, in the North of England. He made a century playing for MCC against Cambridge University in 1872. In 1874 he made his debut playing for Middlesex and played seven county matches by 1878. He also played many games for various clubs over these years.
Dale was a right-handed batsman who played 98 innings in 56 first-class matches with an average of 16.92 and a top score of 132. His style of batting was described as "extremely finished and elegant". He was a right-arm round arm fast bowler and took 6 first-class wickets at an average of 29.00 and a best performance of 2 for 16.Dale became a salaried partner in his firm in 1879. He enjoyed country sports and hunted with most of the best packs and was a first-rate fisherman.Dale died at 1 Upper George Street, Westminster aged 47 from an attack of pneumonia following influenza.
Henri de Schomberg, Comte de Nanteuil  (1575 – 17 November 1632), was a Marshal of France during the reign of Louis XIII.
Robert G. Adamson III (born October 19, 1947 in Salt Lake City, Utah) is an American software pioneer.
Adamson graduated in Computer Science from the University of Utah in 1971. In 1981, he founded Software Generation Technology Corp. and wrote, one of the first fully interpretive languages for IBM mainframe computers. SGT was sold to Pansophic Systems where the product was renamed GENER/OL. and later acquired by Computer Associates
Later he founded Nostradamus Inc. and wrote Instant Replay, one of the first multimedia tools for personal computers. Instant Replay combined software demos with photos and audio for distribution on floppy diskettes. Instant Replay was used by thousands of large companies such as Intel, Microsoft and Novel, and competed for years with Dan Bricklin’s Demo Maker. Adamson also wrote well known utilities such as Noblink and Hardrunner, both of which received PC Magazine's Editor's Choice Awards.
Adamson wrote MediaForge, one of the first multimedia authoring tools for Windows. Mediaforge was sold to Strata and was awarded Best of Comdex finalist in the area of Development Software in 1994. Over 50 million MediaForge runtimes were distributed through various vendors including Morpheus and MyFamily. MediaForge is currently in use by XMLAuthor Inc. for custom development of internet applications such as CinemaForge.Adamson is still involved in software development with his own software development company XMLAuthor Inc. He is working on new RIA and internet video technologies. In 2007 Adamson published Rainhut, a science fiction novel. The novel contains references to DTK (dare to know), a chaos based software system used to assist in the invention of advanced technologies. Development of the DTK software system is far too radical and expensive to attract serious investors at this time, so perhaps the concept remains for future generations to build, according to Adamson.
In 2013, Adamson received a patent for the distribution of non-standard fonts via the Internet. Patent US 8522127 B2 (granted). This patented process is being used worldwide now in websites and mobile apps; improving the quality, searching and appearance for hundreds of millions of users. Adamson recently founded Clantech Inc, a patent holding company. He also formed Rainhut Inc., a software company for bringing artists and mobile app developers together with an artist publishing platform and Rainmaker Software.
Pacanówka [pat͡saˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rytwiany, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Rytwiany, 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Staszów, and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of  184.
The MV Tulagi was a merchant ship built in 1939 and operated by the Burns Philp shipping line to carry cargo between the Pacific Islands and Australian ports. With the outbreak of World War II the Tulagi formed part of the Allied merchant navy fleet supplying the war effort throughout the Pacific and Indian Ocean theatres.
Ağbaşlar (also, Agbashlar) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.  It has a population of 951.  The municipality consists of the villages of Ağbaşlar, Almalıtala, and Lazılar.
Saxicola (Latin: saxum, rock + incola, dwelling in), the stonechats or chats, is a genus of 15 species of small passerine birds restricted to the Old World. They are insectivores occurring in open scrubland and grassland with scattered small shrubs.
Muketramwala is a village in Sultanpur Lodhi tehsil in Kapurthala district of Punjab, India. It is located 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from the city of Sultanpur Lodhi, 34 kilometres (21 mi) away from district headquarter Kapurthala.  The village is administrated by a Sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per the constitution of India and Panchayati raj (India).
Sona Heiden is an Indian actress, entrepreneur and film producer. She was crowned Miss South India in the year 2002. She is best known for her item songs in Kollywood.
Bad Ass is a 2012 American action film written and directed by Craig Moss. The film stars Danny Trejo, Charles S. Dutton, and Ron Perlman. It is loosely based on the AC Transit Bus fight viral video.
Reseda , also known as the mignonette , is a genus of fragrant herbaceous plants native to Europe, southwest Asia and North Africa, from the Canary Islands and Iberia east to northwest India. The genus includes herbaceous annual, biennial and perennial species 40–130 cm tall. The leaves form a basal rosette at ground level, and then spirally arranged up the stem; they can be entire, toothed or pinnate, and range from 1–15 cm long. The flowers are produced in a slender spike, each flower small (4–6 mm diameter), white, yellow, orange, or green, with four to six petals. The fruit is a small dry capsule containing several seeds.
Other common names include weld  or dyer's rocket (for R. luteola), and bastard rocket.
James "Soldier Boy" Semler was an American sports executive who co-owned the New York Black Yankees of the Negro National League. For much of the club's history, he owned the team along with Bill Robinson.
Magnus Samuelsson (born 21 May 1971) is a retired Swedish football defender.
A moraine is any accumulation of unconsolidated debris (regolith and rock), sometimes referred to as glacial till, that occurs in both currently and formerly glaciated regions, and that has been previously carried along by a glacier or ice sheet. It may consist of partly rounded particles ranging in size from boulders (in which case it is often referred to as boulder clay) down to gravel and sand, in a groundmass of finely-divided clayey material sometimes called glacial flour. Lateral moraines are those formed at the side of the ice flow, and terminal moraines were formed at the foot, marking the maximum advance of the glacier. Other types of moraine include ground moraines (till-covered areas forming sheets on flat or irregular topography) and medial moraines (moraines formed where two glaciers meet).
Glycinol is a pterocarpan, a type of natural phenol. It is a phytoalexin found in the soybean (Glycine max). It is formed by the cyclisation of daidzein.
More recent literature supports that glycinol has potent phytoestrogenic activity.The so-called osteogenesis that is causes is postulated to be a preventative factor for osteoporosis.
It can be synthethised chemically and possesses two chiral centers.Glycinol is the direct precursor of glyceollins through the action of a prenyltransferase.
Experiments show that the 6a oxygen of glycinol is derived from molecular oxygen.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has invited the film industries of various countries to submit their best film for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film every year since the award was created in 1956. The award is handed out annually by the Academy to a feature-length motion picture produced outside the United States that contains primarily non-English dialogue. The Foreign Language Film Award Committee oversees the process and reviews all the submitted films.For the 79th Academy Awards, which were held on February 25, 2007, the Academy invited 83 countries to submit films for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, including Lithuania, which was invited to submit a film for the first time in the history of the Academy. Sixty-three countries submitted films to the Academy and sixty-one of those films were accepted for review by the Academy, a record number for the time. The submissions of Finland and Luxembourg were rejected before the formal review process.Two rule changes were made for the 79th Academy Awards in regard to the Best Foreign Language Film process. The first was instituting a two-step process in choosing the nominees for the award in order to allow New York-based members of the Academy to participate. An initial committee would select nine films to form a shortlist in January that would then be reviewed by a committee composed of ten members of the initial committee, ten Los Angeles-based members, and ten New York-based members that would select the final five nominees. The second change was the removal of a rule requiring that the films be in an official language of the submitting country. This was done in response to the rejection of Italy's and Austria's submissions for the 78th Academy Awards, Private and Caché respectively, because they were not filmed in the official language of their respective countries. This allowed for the acceptance of submissions such as Canada's Water, which contained solely Hindi dialogue. Following the revealing of the shortlist, the Academy released a list of the five nominees on January 23, 2007. The winner of the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film was Germany's The Lives of Others, which was directed by Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck.
Vachellia caven var. dehiscens is a perennial tree native to Argentina.
The Broward County Library is a public library system in Broward County, Florida, in the United States. The system contains 38 branch locations and circulates over 10.5 million items annually. The system includes the Main Library in Fort Lauderdale, five regional libraries, and various branches.
Sean Newton Haugh (born November 17, 1960) is an American politician and pizza delivery man who has run for Senate in North Carolina under the Libertarian Party nomination in 2002, 2014 and 2016. He currently resides in Durham.
The Boy or Girl paradox surrounds a set of questions in probability theory, which are also known as The Two Child Problem, Mr. Smith's Children and the Mrs. Smith Problem. The initial formulation of the question dates back to at least 1959, when Martin Gardner featured it in his October 1959 "Mathematical Games column" in Scientific American. He titled it The Two Children Problem, and phrased the paradox as follows:
Mr. Jones has two children. The older child is a girl. What is the probability that both children are girls?
Mr. Smith has two children. At least one of them is a boy. What is the probability that both children are boys?Gardner initially gave the answers 1/2 and 1/3, respectively, but later acknowledged that the second question was ambiguous. Its answer could be 1/2, depending on the procedure by which the information "at least one of them is a boy" was obtained. The ambiguity, depending on the exact wording and possible assumptions, was confirmed by Maya Bar-Hillel and Ruma Falk, and Raymond S. Nickerson.Other variants of this question, with varying degrees of ambiguity, have been popularized by Ask Marilyn in Parade Magazine, John Tierney of The New York Times, and Leonard Mlodinow in The Drunkard's Walk. One scientific study showed that when identical information was conveyed, but with different partially ambiguous wordings that emphasized different points, that the percentage of MBA students who answered 1/2 changed from 85% to 39%.The paradox has stimulated a great deal of controversy. The paradox stems from whether the problem setup is similar for the two questions. The intuitive answer is 1/2. This answer is intuitive if the question leads the reader to believe that there are two equally likely possibilities for the sex of the second child (i.e., boy and girl), and that the probability of these outcomes is absolute, not conditional.
Rafael Pérez Perry (October 24, 1911 – May 10, 1978) was a businessman and a pioneer in Puerto Rico's radio and television broadcasting industry. He owned one of the most successful radio stations on the island (WKBM AM) and in 1954 founded Puerto Rico's television Channel 11, which now is known as Tele Once and owned and operated by Univision, the largest Hispanic television network in the United States.
Fabian Aloysius O'Dea,  (January 20, 1918 – December 12, 2004) was a Newfoundland and Canadian lawyer and the fourth lieutenant governor of Newfoundland.
Elachista amseli is a moth of the family Elachistidae. It is found in Afghanistan, southern Tajikistan and Turkmenistan.The wingspan is 6.5–7 millimetres (0.26–0.28 in). The forewings are grey-brown to blackish brown, slightly mottled by a whitish base of scales. The hindwings are greyish brown. Adults have been recorded from late May to mid August.
In an electric power system, switchgear is composed of electrical disconnect switches, fuses or circuit breakers used to control, protect and isolate electrical equipment. Switchgear is used both to de-energize equipment to allow work to be done and to clear faults downstream. This type of equipment is directly linked to the reliability of the electricity supply.
The earliest central power stations used simple open knife switches, mounted on insulating panels of marble or asbestos. Power levels and voltages rapidly escalated, making opening manually operated switches too dangerous for anything other than isolation of a de-energized circuit. Oil-filled switchgear equipment allows arc energy to be contained and safely controlled. By the early 20th century, a switchgear line-up would be a metal-enclosed structure with electrically operated switching elements using oil circuit breakers. Today, oil-filled equipment has largely been replaced by air-blast, vacuum, or SF6 equipment, allowing large currents and power levels to be safely controlled by automatic equipment.
High-voltage switchgear was invented at the end of the 19th century for operating motors and other electric machines. The technology has been improved over time and can now be used with voltages up to 1,100 kV.Typically, switchgear in substations is located on both the high- and low-voltage sides of large power transformers. The switchgear on the low-voltage side of the transformers may be located in a building, with medium-voltage circuit breakers for distribution circuits, along with metering, control, and protection equipment. For industrial applications, a transformer and switchgear line-up may be combined in one housing, called a unitized substation (USS). According to the latest research by Visiongain, a market research company, the worldwide switchgear market is expected to achieve $152.5 billion by 2029 at a CAGR of 5.9%. Growing investment in renewable energy and enhanced demand for safe and secure electrical distribution systems are expected to generate the increase.
Kevin L. Raye (born February 7, 1961) is an American politician. Raye is a member of the Republican Party and served as a member of the Maine Senate, representing the 29th district in northeastern Washington County from December 2004 to December 2012. From December 2010 to December 2012, Raye served as President of the Maine Senate, and as such, was next in line to the governorship of Maine.
Leimarel Sidabi (Meitei: ꯂꯩꯃꯔꯦꯜ ꯁꯤꯗꯕꯤ) or Leimalel Sitapi (Meitei: ꯂꯩꯃꯂꯦꯜ ꯁꯤꯇꯄꯤ) is the highest goddess in Meitei religion and mythology. She is the goddess of earth, nature, and mother goddess of all creations in the entire Universe. She is the consort of Lord Atingkok Maru Sidaba (ꯑꯇꯤꯡꯀꯣꯛ ꯃꯔꯨ ꯁꯤꯗꯕ) and mother of Lainingthou Sanamahi (ꯂꯥꯢꯅꯤꯡꯊꯧ ꯁꯅꯥꯃꯍꯤ) and Pakhangba (ꯄꯥꯈꯪꯕ).Presently, the market complex number 1 is named after her at the Ima Keithel (Mothers' market), the world's only market run exclusively by women.
Pellonulinae is a subfamily of freshwater herrings belonging to the family Clupeidae.
Alfred Edwin Winter (18 November 1862 – 11 June 1939) was an Australian politician who represented the multi-member seat of Wallaroo in the South Australian House of Assembly from 1905 to 1912 for the United Labor Party.Winter was the third son and eighth child of state school teacher Augustus Winter. He was born at Macclesfield, South Australia, and was taught by his father at the school at Moonta. He started his working life aged 12, apprenticed as a grocer's assistant in Hindmarsh. After four years, he went to work on his uncle's farm on Yorke Peninsula. Following five years of drought, Winter returned to Adelaide to work as a porter at Adelaide railway station. He later worked at the Broken Hill mines as a rate collector, then at Macumba Station and in the Telegraph Department at William Creek for five years before returning to Adelaide again. He conducted business there but a year later went to Wallaroo to work for the Wallaroo and Moonta Mining Company, where he remained until elected to parliament in 1905. He married Jane Shepherd from Balaklava in 1888. They had two sons.Winter was first elected in 1905. He did not seek re-election for a fourth term at the 1912 election.Following parliament, Winter lived on his farm at Port Clinton for 26 years and retired to Richmond only two years before his death. He was survived by his wife and two sons.
Michałowice [mixawɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Michelwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Lubsza, 2 km (1 mi) north of Brzeg, and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
Thomas Montagu, 4th Earl of Salisbury, KG (13 June 1388 – 3 November 1428) of Bisham in Berkshire, was an English nobleman and one of the most important English commanders during the Hundred Years' War.
Plainfield is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. At the time of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 2,459. The town is home to the Helen Woodruff Smith Bird Sanctuary and Annie Duncan State Forest.
The village of Plainfield, where 178 people resided at the 2020 census, is defined as the Plainfield census-designated place (CDP) and is located in the western part of the town along New Hampshire Route 12A. Plainfield also includes the village of Meriden, home to Kimball Union Academy, a private preparatory school.
Copernic project is undergoing a major modernisation programme in France that will recast and upgrade the entire fiscal information system in the country. Copernic project is set to run over 10 years (2001–2009) by "Direction générale des Impôts" and "Direction générale de la Comptabilité publique". It covers 70 individual IT projects, employs over 600 personnel and has a budget of almost 1 billion euros.
Colin Fraser (born January 28, 1985) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre. He played in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks, Edmonton Oilers, Los Angeles Kings and the St. Louis Blues. Fraser is a three-time Stanley Cup champion, having won the Cup with the Blackhawks in 2010, and the Kings in 2012 and 2014. After retiring from professional hockey in 2015, Fraser returned to the Blackhawks to work in their scouting department.
The Société Automobiles Ménara is a Moroccan automobile manufacturer and was founded in 1972 under the brand name CANAM. The company is located in Aïn Sebaâ, Casablanca.
Kristin P. Kuster (born 1973) is an American composer of symphonic, vocal and chamber music.
Quadrini is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carleton Rea (7 May 1861 – 26 June 1946) was an English mycologist, botanist, and naturalist.
The Battle of Tonkin River was a major naval battle fought in northern Vietnam between the pirates of Shap Ng-tsai and the British Royal Navy with aid from the Qing Chinese navy and the Tonkinese. The 1849 expedition led to the destruction of Shap Ng-tsai's fleet and the loss of over 2,000 men. The battle occurred over a three-day period at the mouth of the Tonkin River, near present-day Hai Phong.
The Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe (German: 'Berlin Transport Company') is the main public transport company of Berlin, the capital city of Germany. It manages the city's U-Bahn underground railway, tram, bus, replacement services (Ersatzverkehr, EV) and ferry networks, but not the S-Bahn urban rail system.
The generally used abbreviation, BVG, has been retained from the company's original name, Berliner Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft (Berlin Transportation Stock Company). Subsequently, the company was renamed Berliner Verkehrs-Betriebe. During the division of Berlin, the BVG was split between BVG (Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe Gesellschaft in West Berlin) and BVB (Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe in East Berlin, also known as the Volkseigenes Kombinat Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe, BVB). After reunification, the current formal name was adopted.
Karen Thorndike, born in Snohomish, Washington in 1942, holds the Guinness record as the first American woman to sail solo around the world without assistance. Her voyage was 33,000 miles, which she started at age 53 completed in 1998 in a 36-foot yacht named Amelia after Amelia Earhart. The trip took her two years and two weeks, but was not done continuously; for example, she had a three-month hospitalization for angina pectoris after her trip began.
Her interest in sailing began in the early 1980s. Thorndike took some sailing lessons, began racing and was soon delivering boats from Hawaii to Seattle. During one of those trips, her dream of circumnavigating began to take shape. However, when she confided in a crew member and friend about her plans, he told her, “That’s impossible. You have no idea what you’d be getting yourself into.” After that, Thorndike kept her plans to herself until she bought her boat.
During her around-the-world trip she also sailed around the five great capes. This is what qualified her for the Guinness. Tania Aebi had previously been recognized as the first American woman to sail around the world alone in 1987, but the recognition was unofficial. Guinness did not recognize her trip for two reasons: first, she went through the Panama Canal, which required assistance. Second, she sailed with a friend for eighty miles while in the South Pacific.Due to Karen's achievement she was interviewed for the book The Heart of Success: Conversations with Notable Achievers by Dan G. Tripps. In 1999 she was awarded the Cruising Club of America's Blue Water Medal. She also received a Guinness World Records certificate acknowledging her accomplishment.Thorndike is still alive and resides in Washington State.
Andre D. Wagner (born 1986) is an American photographer, living in Bushwick, Brooklyn, New York. His black and white street and documentary style photographs primarily depict African Americans living in Brooklyn.
IP over DWDM (IPoDWDM) is a technology used in telecommunications networks to integrate IP routers and network switches in the OTN (Optical Transport Network).
A true IPoDWDM solution is implemented only when the IP Routers and Switches support ITU-T G.709. In this way IP devices can monitor the optical path and implement the transport functionality as FEC (Forward Error Correction) specified by ITU-T G.709/Y.1331 or Super FEC functionality defined in ITU-T G.975.1.
The 6th Yokohama Film Festival (第6回ヨコハマ映画祭) was held on 3 February 1985 in Kanagawa Prefectural Music Hall, Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan.
Black Bob (fl. 1930s) was the pseudonym used by an American blues piano player, based in Chicago, who recorded widely in the 1930s accompanying other performers.  His real name is unknown, but suggestions have included Bob Hudson, Bob Robinson, Bob Alexander, and Bob Schanault (or Chenault).
Almost nothing is known of his life beyond his recordings.  According to Chicago pianist Charlie West, he became known as Black Jack in Cincinnati, Ohio, before moving around 1927 to Chicago where he adopted the name Black Bob.  Reportedly, Big Bill Broonzy thought that his real name was Robert Alexander, though Memphis Slim gave his name as Bob Hudson.  It was once erroneously suggested that Black Bob was a pseudonym for Bob Call. Reviewing the evidence, researcher Bob Eagle raised the possibility that he may have been the Bob Schanault (possibly misspelled) who recorded with Memphis Minnie in 1936.Black Bob was the pianist on many Chicago blues recordings of the mid and late 1930s, notably for the Bluebird and Vocalion labels.  His recordings included sessions by Broonzy, Amos Easton, Jazz Gillum, Lil Johnson, Red Nelson, Joe McCoy, Memphis Minnie, Merline Johnson, Papa Charlie McCoy, Tampa Red, Casey Bill Weldon, and Washboard Sam.  One reviewer described his "muscular runs and rippling fills... clearly... an accomplished professional of his day."  Although he seems not to have recorded after 1938 or perhaps 1941, Memphis Minnie reported that she both performed and recorded with him in her backing band as late as 1954.Nothing is known of his later life.
NGC 1981 (also known as OCL 525) is an open cluster which is located in the Orion constellation. It was discovered by John Herschel on 4 January 1827. Its apparent magnitude is 4.2  and its size is 28.00 arc minutes.  It lies to the north of the Orion Nebula, separated from it by the Sh2-279 region containing NGC 1973, 1975, and 1977.
Some say it looks like an Alligator or Crocodile, Its eastern star as the snout, Its western star as its tail and the two groups of three stars in the middle of it as its two set of legs.
Rubin & Ed is a 1991 independent buddy comedy film written and directed by Trent Harris. It stars Crispin Glover and Howard Hesseman.
David Hart (born ca.1951) is a 4-time Olympian in the sport of water polo who is still active as a mentor and coach. He competed as an athlete for the Canadian men's national water polo team at the 1972 Summer Olympics, 1976 Summer Olympics, and as an assistant coach at the 1984 Summer Olympics, placing 16th, 9th, and 10th, respectively.  He also served as assistant coach for the Canadian women's national water polo team placing 5th at the 2000 Summer Olympics. An inductee in the McMaster University Hall of Fame, Ontario Aquatic Hall of Fame, Hamilton Sports Hall of Fame, he has also received life-time achievement recognition from the Coaching Association of Canada, Ottawa Sports Awards, Hamilton Sport Banner Series, Hamilton People of Significance Award and Aquatics Canada. David was the first ever Canadian water polo personality to coach a foreign team as head coach of the Brazilian Women's Team 2002-2003. He won 8 international medals as a coach, competing in 5 World Championships and 6 Pan American Games. Numerous innovative programs were created by David during a career spanning 1965 to 2018 including: Canadian Water Polo League/Canadian Water Polo Dream Team/I Love Water Polo program. He launched his own David Hart Performance Water Polo business in June 2018. He currently lives in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Vered Yeriho (Hebrew: וֶרֶד יְרִיחוֹ, lit. 'Rose of Jericho') is an Israeli settlement organized as a moshav in the West Bank. Located near Jericho in the Jordan Valley, it falls under the jurisdiction of Megilot Regional Council. In 2019 it had a population of 341.The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank to be illegal under international law.
Portrait of Kitty is a painting by Lucian Freud of Kitty Garman, his wife and the eldest daughter of the sculptor Jacob Epstein and Kathleen Garman. Completed between 1948 and 1949, this oil on board measures 35 by 24 centimetres (13.8 in × 9.4 in).
Freud (1922–2011) was married to Garman (1926–2011) between 1948 and 1952, and the couple had two daughters together, Annie (born 1948) and Annabel (born 1952).
Llyn Goddionduon is a remote lake in the Gwydir Forest in north Wales.
It lies at a height of 794 ft (242 m) and covers an area of 10 acres (40,000 m2).  It is totally surrounded by coniferous forest, although a track leads up to it, enabling a water supply in the event of fire, and anglers also use this path.
It is unusual in that it is totally natural, whereas nearly all of the other lakes in the forest have been partially or totally constructed as water sources for the mines which were scattered throughout the Forest.
Some sources state that the correct name of the lake should be Llyn y Goeden (Lake of the Tree), but that an error on the maps resulted in the name Goddinduon (duon means "black" in Welsh, but Goddion is not a known word).
The lake is stocked with brown trout by the Betws-y-coed Anglers Club.
In 1890 an advert for Cobden's Hotel in Capel Curig (over a mile away) stated that this lake could be used by residents for fishing, and the Army Training Camp at Capel Curig still use the lake as a water supply.
The Santa Fe College Teaching Zoo is a 10-acre (4.0 ha) zoo in Gainesville, Florida. As part of Santa Fe College, It is the only college zookeeper training facility in the United States with its own AZA-accredited zoo on grounds, and has been accredited since 2000.Guided tours led by students in the program are available at the teaching zoo if scheduled ahead of time; visitors may also take a self-guided tours.
Fana Gymnas is a public high school located in Fana in Bergen, Norway. The school was founded in 1916 as a middle school, and the headmaster was the father of Nordahl Grieg. The school became a high school in 1935.
The school was known for their annual play, Fana Skoleteater, that has existed since 1938. The play had a break between 1972 and 1986 because of a discord between the students and the administration. Later the play was managed by students and former students.
Sast is a small village in the Wakhan Corridor of Afghanistan. It should not be confused with Sast, the village of the same name in Iran, or Sust, in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. Sast is located in Badakshan Province, as is the Corridor.
An STR multiplex system is used to identify specific short tandem repeats (STRs). STR polymorphisms are genetic markers that may be used to identify a DNA sequence.
The FBI analyses 13 specific STR loci for their database. These may be used in many areas of genetics in addition to their forensic uses.
One can think of a STR multiplex system as a collection of specific STRs which are positionally conserved on a target genome. Hence these can be used as markers. A number of different STRs along with their loci in a particular genome can be used for genotyping. 
For example, the STR multiplex system AmpFlSTR Profiler Plus which analyses nine different STRs (3S1358, vWA, FGA, D8S1179, D21S11, D18S51, D5S818, D13S317, D7S820) plus Amelogenin for sex determination is used for human identification purposes.
Peter S. Kaufman is an American investment banker and private equity investor. He is the President and Head of Restructuring and Distressed M&A at Gordian Group LLC, an investment banking firm. He is also a Managing Partner of Bacchus Capital Management, a winery investment concern.
Ramón María Calderé del Rey (born 16 January 1959) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a midfielder, and is a current manager.
An all-around midfield unit, he played mainly for Barcelona, appearing in 157 competitive games over four La Liga seasons. In the Spanish top division, he also represented Valladolid and Betis.
A Spanish international in the second part of the 80s, Calderé represented the country at the 1986 World Cup and Euro 1988. He went on to have an extensive career as a coach following his retirement, but exclusively in the lower leagues.
Turris crispa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae, the turrids.
Desmia melanopalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1912. It is found in Costa Rica.
KABQ-FM (95.1 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Corrales, New Mexico, United States, broadcasting to the Albuquerque area. It broadcasts at full power from a tower atop Nine Mile Hill west of Albuquerque, with studios located in Northeast Albuquerque and is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications).
KABQ-FM airs a Rhythmic Oldies format branded as "Hot 95.1" featuring Hip hop, R&B, and some dance-pop from the 1980s-2000's. The format started on January 2, 2014, on translator K265CA (100.9 FM), branded as "Hot 100.9". On November 3, 2014, the format moved to the then-KLQT. The station was jockless for the first year, but now features former A Lighter Shade of Brown member "ODM" in morning drive and local personality Janae Martinez in afternoon drive.
The 2nd Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War. Major George H. Gordon (later Brigadier General), a West Point graduate and veteran of the Mexican-American War, organized the unit's recruitment and formation. The 2nd Massachusetts was trained at Camp Andrew in West Roxbury, Massachusetts on the site of the former Transcendentalist utopian community, Brook Farm. Roughly half the regiment was mustered in on May 18, 1861 and the remainder on May 25, 1861 for a term of three years. The regiment saw extensive combat as part of the Army of the Potomac particularly during the Battle of Antietam and the Battle of Gettysburg.
This is a list of airports in Guatemala, sorted by location.
Guatemala, officially the Republic of Guatemala (Spanish: República de Guatemala), is a country in Central America bordered by Mexico to the north and west, the Pacific Ocean to the southwest, Belize to the northeast, the Caribbean to the east, and Honduras and El Salvador to the southeast. Its capital in Guatemala City.
David Alan Gill  (born 5 August 1957) is a British football executive, formerly chief executive of Manchester United and a vice-chairman of The Football Association. He served as vice-chairman of the G-14 management committee until the G-14 was disbanded. He sits on the UEFA Executive Committee as of 2013. Gill was elected as a FIFA Vice-President sitting on the FIFA Council in 2015; rejecting this position in protest at Sepp Blatter until Blatter announced his resignation as FIFA President, following the 2015 FIFA corruption case.
Windsor Plantation (also known as Little Edisto Plantation and Ashwood Plantation) is a historic house on Russell Creek on Edisto Island, South Carolina.The Windsor Plantation house was constructed about 1857 as a wedding gift to a son of Edward Whaley. The large clapboard house is a good example of a Georgian-inspired sea island cotton plantation. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on  July 23, 1974.
Tarennoidea is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Rubiaceae.Its native range is Tropical and Subtropical Asia to Northern Australia.Species:
The 2022 Masters (officially the 2022 Cazoo Masters) was a professional snooker tournament that took place between 9 and 16 January 2022 at Alexandra Palace in London, England. It was the 48th staging of the Masters tournament, which was first held in 1975, and the second of three Triple Crown events in the 2021–22 snooker season, following the 2021 UK Championship and preceding the 2022 World Snooker Championship. Broadcast by the BBC and Eurosport in Europe, it was sponsored for the first time by car retailer Cazoo.
The 16 competitors were invited to the tournament based on the world rankings as they stood after the UK Championship. Some players took issue with the cutoff date, noting that the in-form Luca Brecel, who had entered the top 16 by winning the 2021 Scottish Open, did not qualify. Ding Junhui, who had made 15 consecutive Masters appearances between 2007 and 2021, fell out of the top 16 after the UK Championship and failed to qualify for the first time since 2006. Zhao Xintong, who entered the top 16 for the first time by winning the UK Championship, was the only Masters debutant. John Higgins set a new record of 28 Masters appearances, surpassing both Jimmy White and Steve Davis, who competed 27 times.
Yan Bingtao was the defending champion, having defeated Higgins 10–8 in the previous year's final. However, Yan lost 4–6 to Mark Williams in the first round. Neil Robertson won the event for the second time, as he defeated Barry Hawkins 10–4 in the final. There were 26 century breaks, with the highest being a 139 made by Stuart Bingham in his first round loss to Kyren Wilson.
Leland Judd Barrows (October 27, 1906 – March 3, 1988) was an American ambassador to Cameroon and Togo. He was born in Hutchinson, Kansas. He married Mabel Irene Conley on  March 21, 1935.
He served various diplomatic positions including a member of the Council on Foreign Relations; Phi Beta Kappa and foreign service officer; along with his ambassadorships; as well as a Newspaper reporter and radio broadcaster outside of the State Department. He died in 1988.His parents were Eugene Barrows and Florence Emma (Judd) Barrows.
Julien Columeau (born 13 November 1972 in Valence, France) is a French novelist living in Pakistan, writing in French and Urdu. He settled in Pakistan in 2003 where he has lived since, and lived in India for eight years prior to that.
HMS Orontes was a 36-gun Scamander-class fifth rate frigate of the Royal Navy. She was built at Frindsbury as HMS Brilliant, but was renamed in 1812. She was launched in 1813. Her first commander was Captain Nathaniel Day Cochrane, who served on the Irish Station. She was later under Captain William M’Culloch, who may have taken her to the West Indies.
On 31 January 1815 Lloyd's List reported that Orontes was one of the escorts of a fleet that had left St Thomas on 11 December 1814.On 18 February 1817, Lloyd's List reported that Orontes, just arrived at Portsmouth, had spoke with Grant at 1°32′N 17°15′W, out 110 days on her voyage from Madras to England.Orontes was broken up at Sheerness in April 1817.
Seth, in Judaism, Christianity, Mandaeism, Sethianism, and Islam, was the third son of Adam and Eve and brother of Cain and Abel, their only other child mentioned by name in the Hebrew Bible. According to Genesis 4:25, Seth was born after Abel's murder by Cain, and Eve believed that God had appointed him as a replacement for Abel.
Early Music New York is a New York City-based early music group presented by the Early Music Foundation. The group's director and conductor is Frederick Renz.
Black theology, or black liberation theology, refers to a theological perspective which originated among African-American seminarians and scholars, and in some black churches in the United States and later in other parts of the world. It contextualizes Christianity in an attempt to help those of African descent overcome oppression. It especially focuses on the injustices committed against African Americans and black South Africans during American segregation and apartheid, respectively. Black theology seeks to liberate non-white people from multiple forms of political, social, economic, and religious subjugation and views Christian theology as a theology of liberation: "a rational study of the being of God in the world in light of the existential situation of an oppressed community, relating the forces of liberation to the essence of the Gospel, which is Jesus Christ", writes James H. Cone, one of the original advocates of the perspective. Black theology mixes Christianity with questions of civil rights, particularly raised by the Black Power movement and the Black Consciousness Movement.
Patrizia Sanvitale (born October 9, 1951 in Trieste), is an Italian journalist, author, blogger and sociologist. She graduated in Political Science at the University of Trieste.
Guy Reteno Elekana (born 25 September 1996) is a Gabonese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Czech club SK Líšeň.
Bernard Rooke (born 1938) is a British artist and studio potter. Rooke has exhibited his "Brutalist" ceramics  and painting both in the UK and abroad with work in many collections both public and private including the Victoria and Albert Museum, Cleveland Museum of Art, Nuffield Foundation, Paisley Museum and Art Galleries, Leicester Museum, Buckinghamshire County Museum, Röhsska Museum in Sweden and the Trondheim Kunstmuseum in Norway. His work has become sought after at auction houses  in the UK and USA.
The variegated catshark (Asymbolus submaculatus) is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae, found off New South Wales and Western Australia at depths between 30 and 200 m. Its length is up to 41 cm. The reproduction of this catshark is oviparous.
Torpedo is the name of five fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Backlash: The Undeclared War Against American Women is a 1991 book by Susan Faludi, in which the author presents evidence demonstrating the existence of a media-driven "backlash" against the feminist advances of the 1970s.Faludi argues that the backlash uses a strategy of "blaming the victim", by suggesting that the women's liberation movement itself is the cause of many of the problems alleged to be plaguing women in the late 1980s. She also argues that many of these problems are illusory, constructed by the media without reliable evidence.
Faludi also identifies backlash as a historical trend, recurring when women have made substantial gains in their efforts to obtain equal rights. The book won the National Book Critics Circle Award for non-fiction in 1991.
Vicky Funari is a documentary filmmaker. She attended film school at New York University's undergraduate program. She currently teaches at Haverford College as Artist-in-Residence. She directed Maquilapolis (2006) alongside Sergio De La Torre in collaboration with the women of Grupo Factor X, Colectivo Chilpancingo, and Promotoras por los Derechos de las Mujeres.
Cultural neuroscience is a field of research that focuses on the interrelation between a human’s cultural environment and neurobiological systems. The field particularly incorporates ideas and perspectives from related domains like anthropology, psychology, and cognitive neuroscience to study sociocultural influences on human behaviors. Such impacts on behavior are often measured using various neuroimaging methods, through which cross-cultural variability in neural activity can be examined.
Cultural neuroscientists study cultural variation in mental, neural and genomic processes as a means of articulating the bidirectional relationship of these processes and their emergent properties using a variety of methods.  Researchers in cultural neuroscience are motivated by two fundamentally intriguing, yet still unanswered, questions on the origins of human nature and human diversity: how do cultural traits (e.g., values, beliefs, practices) shape neurobiology (e.g., genetic and neural processes) and behavior, and how do neurobiological mechanisms (e.g., genetic and neural processes) facilitate the emergence and transmission of cultural traits?
The idea that complex behavior results from the dynamic interaction of genes and cultural environment is not new; however, cultural neuroscience represents a novel empirical approach to demonstrating bidirectional interactions between culture and biology by integrating theory and methods from cultural psychology, neuroscience  and neurogenetics.
Similar to other interdisciplinary fields such as social neuroscience, cognitive neuroscience, affective neuroscience, and neuroanthropology, cultural neuroscience aims to explain a given mental phenomenon in terms of a synergistic product of mental, neural and genetic events.  In particular, cultural neuroscience shares common research goals with social neuroscientists examining how neurobiological mechanisms (e.g., mirror neurons), facilitate cultural transmission, (e.g., imitative learning) and neuroanthropologists examining how embedded culture, as captured by cross-species comparison and ethnography, is related to brain function.  Cultural neuroscience also shares intellectual goals with critical neuroscience, a field of inquiry that scrutinizes the social, cultural, economic and political contexts and assumptions that underlie behavioral and brain science research as it is practiced today.
Research in cultural neuroscience has practical relevance to transcultural psychiatry, business and technology as well as broader implications for global public policy issues such as population health disparities, bioethics, globalization, immigration, interethnic ideology and international relations.
Habrocerus capillaricornis is a species of rove beetle in the family Staphylinidae.
George H. Capron (July 27, 1886 – October 1972) was an American football and baseball player.  
Capron played football and baseball for the University of Minnesota from 1907 to 1908.  In 1907, the Minnesota football team scored only 55 points, and "Capron accounted for 44 of them with dropkicked field goals at four points each."  He was selected as a third-team All-American by Walter Camp at the end of the 1907 season.Late in his career at the University of Minnesota, Capron became involved in a controversy over his eligibility when reports surfaced that he had played professional baseball under a false name. Capron later admitted that he played baseball under the name Robb at Meridian, Mississippi in 1908 and at Mattoon, Illinois in 1907.  From 1909 to 1910, Capron played two years of professional baseball in the Northwestern League. In 1909, he played 155 games as the left fielder for the Seattle Turks, compiling 164 hits, 27 doubles, 8 triples, 15 home runs, and a .275 batting average.  In 1910, he played 35 games for the Vancouver Beavers though his batting average dropped to .207.He also played professional football in the early days of the professional game in the 1910s.  He resided in Fresno, California in his later years.
Dikgang Mathews Stock (born 3 February 1976) is a South African politician from the Northern Cape serving as a Member of the National Assembly of South Africa since 2019. Prior to his election to the National Assembly, he served as a permanent delegate to the National Council of Provinces from 2014 to 2019. Stock is a member of the African National Congress.
Air Commodore Dame Felicity Barbara Hill,  (12 December 1915 – 30 January 2019) was a British Royal Air Force officer. From 1966 to 1969, she served as Director of the Women's Royal Air Force. She died in January 2019 at the age of 103.
Alston Gordon Dayton (October 18, 1857 – July 30, 1920) was a United States Representative from West Virginia and a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of West Virginia.
Nitra Castle (Slovak: Nitriansky hrad, Hungarian: Nyitrai vár) is a castle located in the Old Town of Nitra, Slovakia. It dominants the city and is a national cultural monument.
Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 6 families.
Gifu Kyoritsu University (岐阜協立大学, Gifu kyōritsu daigaku), formerly Gifu Keizai University (岐阜経済大学, Gifu keizai daigaku), is a private university at Ogaki, Gifu, Japan, founded in 1967.
B.V. Raju Institute of Technology (BVRIT) is an engineering college established in 1997 in Vishnupur, Narsapur, Medak, Telangana State, India.  BVRIT is affiliated with Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad (JNTUH), University Grants Commission (India) (UGC Autonomous),  accredited by the National Board of Accreditation (NBA) and National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC). It is one of the educational institutes of the Sri Vishnu Educational Society. The founding chairman of the Sri Vishnu Educational Society is Padmabhushan Dr BV Raju and current chairman is Sri K V Vishnu Raju, CMD, Anjani Portland Cements.
Dan Harrington (born December 6, 1945) is a professional poker player, best known for winning the Main Event at the 1995 World Series of Poker. He has earned one World Poker Tour title, two WSOP bracelets, and over six million dollars in tournament cashes in his poker career. He is also a member of the Poker Hall of Fame.Harrington chose his own nickname "Action Dan" even though he is known for being a tight conservative player. He is a distant cousin to both professional golfer Pádraig Harrington and former NFL quarterback Joey Harrington.
Lisa Seagram (born Ruth Browser; July 7, 1936 – February 1, 2019) was an American actress. She was best known for her roles in  The Carpetbaggers (1964), Caprice (1967) and 2000 Years Later (1969). After appearing in several Italian films, she retired from acting during the 1970s.
Busuu is a language learning platform on web, iOS and Android that allows users to interact with native speakers.
Inside Out is Batti Baas' second single, released a year after their first single, Lovin' You.
Vassilakis (Greek: Βασιλάκης) is a Greek surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Engineer is an American sludge metal band from Syracuse, New York. Featuring the brothers Bob, Brad, and Ryan Gorham, as well as the drummer Mike AuClair, the band made their debut on a split release with then-Hex Records labelmates Achilles in 2005. Their follow-up record, Reproach, was released in January 2006. Signing to Black Market Activities in 2007, the band released The Dregs and Crooked Voices in 2007 and 2011, respectively.Engineer's music has been labeled as sludge metal, hardcore punk and metalcore. The band's third studio album, Crooked Voices, experimented with inventive song structures and arrangements, while integrating a heavier emphasis on melody and noise rock elements.
Johan Foltmar   (1714 – 26 April 1794) was a Danish composer.
The Treaty of Alinagar was signed on 9 February 1757 between Robert Clive of the British East India Company and the Nawab of Bengal, Mirza Muhammad Siraj Ud Daula. Alinagar was the short-lived name given to Calcutta given by the Nawab after it was captured by him. The Nawab had seized the English fort at Calcutta, but facing the threat of Afghans in the rear and the military might of the English, he signed the treaty.Based on the terms of the accord, the Nawab would recognize all the provisions of Mughal Emperor Farrukh Siyar's farman of 1717. Moreover, all British goods that passed through Bengal would be exempt from duties. In other tenets of the agreement, the British would not be hindered from fortifying Calcutta, as well as mint coins in Calcutta. The signing of the treaty was one of the events leading up to the famous Battle of Plassey. The Nawab was defeated and killed by Clive and his allies the same year.
María Celeste Arrarás Mangual (born September 27, 1960), better known as María Celeste, is a Puerto Rican broadcast journalist, author, and television personality, who has won three national Emmy Awards for journalism. In 2005, she became the first female recipient of the Legacy Award by Broadcast and Multi Channel for outstanding achievement in Hispanic Television.  In 2006, Arrarás was included on the cover of "Newsweek" magazine,  as one of the 20 most powerful women of the next generation of leaders.” In August 2018, María Celeste was awarded with a Doctorate Honoris Causa from the Universidad Central de Bayamon in Puerto Rico, in recognition for her philanthropic work. Until August 2020, Arrarás spent two decades as the host and managing editor of “Al Rojo Vivo con María Celeste”. Her program aired daily in the U.S. and in 15 Latin American countries, for a total daily audience of 35 million viewers. Her popularity has made her one of the most influential Hispanic figures in social platforms, with millions of followers around the world and in 2019 she made her debut in the Hollywood Reporter's Social Climber Chart at #5 of all TV Personalities.
,Maria Celeste is also Executive Producer and screenplay writer for “Selena’s Secret” a miniseries based on the bestselling book of the same title that she wrote about the murder of singer Selena Quintanilla, known as the Queen of Tejano music. The mini series aired on Amazon Prime video, TNT Latin America and on Telemundo. In 2019, Maria Celeste received the St Jude Hospital Lifetime Achievement Award.
As of the Summer of 2021 Maria Celeste has joined CNN en Español as the host of their new Sunday Prime Time show called “DocuFilms con María Celeste Arrarás.” In her capacity as a writer, she also became the first Hispanic opinion maker contributor for Facebook’s new platform “Bulletin.” She also launched her YouTube channel and premiered "MC Live," a weekly one-on-one interview program that quickly surpassed 1 million views.
Sahare  is a Village Development Committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7297 people residing in 1318 individual households.
The Netherlands was represented by Bill van Dijk, with the song '"Jij en ik", at the 1982 Eurovision Song Contest, which took place in Harrogate, England on 24 April. The song and performer were chosen independently of each other at the Dutch national final on 24 February.
Although "Jij en ik" performed poorly at Eurovision and was forgotten immediately after, "Fantasie eiland", which had finished second in the Dutch national final, was picked up by British record producer Tim Friese-Greene, recorded in English (as "Fantasy Island") by the group Tight Fit, and became a top 5 hit in the UK and also a chart success in Ireland.
Jaykumar Rawal is a member of the 13th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly. He represents the Sindkheda Constituency.
Jaykumar Rawal is a descendant of the royal family of Dondaicha Sansthan and his grandfather Sahakar Maharshi Dadasaheb Rawal was the first MLA in 1952.
He belongs to the Bharatiya Janata Party Rawal was also Member of Legislative Assembly from Sindkheda in 2009. Rawal was one of the general secretaries of the Bharatiya Janata Party Maharashtra State unit in 2013. He is a Fourth term Member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly 2004, 2009, 2014 & 2019
Jaykumar appointed as Cabinet Minister in Expansion of Devendra Fadnavis Ministry and appointed as Tourism, Employment Guarantee Scheme on 8 July 2016.
Trout Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Trout Lake is situated in the Camas Valley, and is 1.25 miles (2.01 km) southwest of Arrow Lake and 1 mile (1.6 km) northeast of Rogers Lake. Nearby mountains include Rogers Peak to the west. Trout Lake is a hike of 7 miles (11 km) from the North Fork Road.
Stephen Christy (born 1985) is an American film and television producer, entertainment executive, and former graphic novel editor. He is the President of Development at graphic novel publisher Boom! Studios, where he oversees Boom!'s first look deals with Disney/20th Century Fox and Netflix. He was formerly  editor-in-chief at Archaia Entertainment, where he won two Eisner Awards, as the editor of Jim Henson's Tale of Sand and Return of the Dapper Men.
Philopotamus is a genus of insects in the family Philopotamidae.The genus was described in 1829 by Stephens.The genus has cosmopolitan distribution.Species:
Jesse Raymond Langley (July 23, 1877 – December 5, 1933) was an American football player and coach, patent attorney, and United States Army officer.  He played college football for the University of Michigan from 1904 to 1907.  Langley served as the head football coach at Texas Christian University (TCU) from 1908 to 1909, compiling a record of 11–5–1.
Langley was born in Kansas and raised in Oklahoma.  At the time of the 1900 United States Census, he was living with his parents, Franklin and Charlotte Langley, on the family's farm in Woods County, Oklahoma.  Before attending the University of Michigan, Lanley was a "critic teacher" in the preparatory department of Northwestern Oklahoma Normal School.Langley received a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Michigan in 1908.  While attending Michigan, he played football for Fielding H. Yost's Michigan Wolverines football team from 1904 to 1907.
Langley was the head football coach at Texas Christian University from 1908 to 1909.  He compiled a record of 11–5–1 in his two seasons as the head coach.After retiring from football, Langley became a patent attorney.  In 1912, he was employed as an assistant examiner at the U.S. Patent Office in Washington, D.C.. Langley worked in the patent department at Westinghouse Electric & Mfg. Co. for 14 years.  He later accepted a similar position with Koppers Co., where he worked for six years.His career as a patent attorney was interrupted by military service during World War I.  He served as a major in the infantry during the war and later held the rank of colonel in the Reserve Corps.  During combat at the Golfe de Malancourt in France, he suffered machine gun wounds in both of his legs.  According to one account, he had "both of his legs shattered by bullets from a German machine gun."At the time of the 1930 United States Census, Langley was living in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania with his wife, Margaret L. Langley, and was employed as an attorney in a law office.  In December 1933, Langley died at his home in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania at age 56.
The Costa Rica national basketball team is the national basketball team from Costa Rica. 
Team Costa Rica has never qualified for the FIBA World Cup or the FIBA AmeriCup. Yet, the team has shown strong performances at the regional level. At the 2015 FIBA COCABA Championship, Costa Rica finished 2nd, its best performance so far.
Judged by the 2020 FIBA Ranking, Costa Rica has the 2nd best basketball national team in Central America, coming only behind Panama.
The 1992 New Zealand National Soccer League was the 23rd season of a nationwide round-robin club competition in New Zealand football. It was the final season of the first incarnation of the league — it was replaced from the 1993 season by the Superclub competition.
William James Henderson (December 4, 1855 – June 5, 1937) was an American musical critic and scholar.
Le Samyn is an annual single-day road bicycle race in Belgium, held usually in late February or early March. The event was created in 1968 as Grand Prix de Fayt-le-Franc, named after the former municipality where it started and finished. In 1970 it was renamed Grand Prix José Samyn as a tribute to José Samyn, the race's first winner who died in a race accident in 1969. Johan Capiot holds the record with three wins.
Electronix Corporation distributes electronic parts and accessories for home and business use, as well as data storage devices (under the name RaidWeb) and electronic technician information services (under the name RepairWorld). In addition, Electronix operates a computer repair/IT service division under the name Electronix Computer Center. Founded in 1986, Electronix is a privately owned small business.
The Madonna of the Pomegranate was painted in circa 1487 with tempera on a wood panel by Sandro Botticelli. Sandro Botticelli is a well known Italian Renaissance artist from Florence, Italy. The use of the circular format, better known as a tondo, focuses the attention on the main characters, the Virgin Mary and baby Jesus, who are surrounded symmetrically by angels on each side. Botticelli's use of tempera grassa give the characters a real look, better known as a "naturalistic" style, which is common during the Renaissance. The Virgin Mary is holding baby Jesus gently in her arms while holding a pomegranate in her left hand. The pomegranate being displayed has a few different interpretations of its meaning in the religious piece. There are many replicas of the Madonna of the Pomegranate due to artists during the Renaissance would copy other established artists' artwork to master their own skills. The painting is currently on display at the Uffizi Gallery in Florence, Italy.
Australia has had a long history of street press media, beginning in the 1980s. Most street press have been centred around music and gig guides, but subjects have also included movies, fashion, and food. Each major city in Australia had at least two music street press at some point, and they were at their most popular during the 1990s. During the height of their popularity most were initially tabloid size, and printed on newsprint with glossy covers. Later titles shrunk to A4 size magazine.
The Foundation of Medical Professionals Alliance in Taiwan (FMPAT; Chinese: 台灣醫界聯盟基金會; pinyin: Táiwān Yī Jiè Liánméng Jījīn Huì) is a non-governmental organization based in Taiwan.
David Morgan of Penygraig (c.1695 – 30 July 1746) was a Welsh lawyer and Jacobite, or supporter of the claim of the exiled House of Stuart to the British throne.
Morgan was notable as one of only a handful of Welshmen to join the Jacobite rising of 1745, during which he briefly served in Lord Elcho's 'Life Guards' and helped raise the Manchester Regiment. Unwilling to retreat to Scotland with the rest of the Jacobite Army, he was arrested by the government near Stone, Staffordshire, tried and executed in July 1746.
Lepidodactylus listeri, also known commonly as Lister's gecko or the Christmas Island chained gecko, is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Gekkonidae, endemic to Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean. It is currently extinct in the wild.
Mwene-Ditu is a town in southern Democratic Republic of the Congo, Lomami Province.
Serhiy Zhyhalov (Ukrainian: Сергій Олександрович Жигалов; born 6 January 1983) is a Ukrainian footballer.
FF Scala is an old-style serif typeface designed by Dutch typeface designer Martin Majoor in 1991 for the Muziekcentrum Vredenburg in Utrecht, the Netherlands. The FF Scala font family was named for the Teatro alla Scala (1776–78) in Milan, Italy. Like many contemporary Dutch serif faces, FF Scala is not an academic revival of a single historic typeface but shows influences of several historic models. Similarities can be seen with William Addison Dwiggins' 1935 design for the typeface Electra in its clarity of form, and rhythmic, highly calligraphic italics. Eric Gill's 1931 typeface Joanna (released by Monotype Corporation in 1937), with its old style armature but nearly square serifs, is also similar in its nearly mono-weighted stroke width.
FF Scala is a complete typeface family with small caps, ligatures and text figures or lower-case numbers, as well as condensed regular and bold fonts. In 1996, a decorative variety of capitals titled FF Scala Jewel was released. These show influence of Dutch Baroque decorative capitals. A companion sans-serif version, FF Scala Sans was released in 1993, making Scala a font superfamily of matching designs. This makes Scala a very popular font in book design and fine printing.
FF Scala used to be the house typeface for the prominent Dutch newspaper Algemeen Dagblad and for KLM Royal Dutch Airlines. It is also used on the logo of the United States' Department of Homeland Security, which uses the similar Joanna as a corporate font.
The Bicycle Kitchen / La Bicicocina is an educational non-profit bicycle workspace in the Los Angeles neighborhood of East Hollywood. The Bicycle Kitchen serves and is served by its community, providing a place where people can use tools to empower themselves as bicycle mechanics. The Bicycle Kitchen promotes a do-it-yourself attitude to recycling and reuse. The educational experience is entirely hands-on and any instruction arises out of the interactions between clients and more knowledgeable volunteers. The Bicycle Kitchen also has a strong social aspect where strangers discover shared purpose and mutual respect.
The Bicycle Kitchen is entirely run by volunteers and is supported by small individual donations from its everyday clients. Some clients support the Bicycle Kitchen through cash donations while many others donate their time and effort to help clean and organize the space. The community's continuing generosity means that no one need be turned away simply for lack of funds.
The Bicycle Kitchen shares the culture of many traditional Bicycle Cooperatives and many of the most dedicated volunteers at the Los Angeles Bicycle Kitchen have been members of bicycle cooperatives in other parts of America and around the world.
New volunteers are constantly joining the Bicycle Kitchen and while a knowledge of bicycle mechanics is helpful to volunteers it is not essential. The only real prerequisite is the willingness to engage with people of all backgrounds in a constructive and supportive way.
Volunteering at the Bicycle Kitchen is not only a way to find and connect with individuals who are like minded and share your interests, but also it might help you to bridge across social divisions and to repair some of the damage caused by pervasive and ever increasing market driven social stratification.
The Bicycle Kitchen is part of a larger do-it-yourself movement and shares many aspects of maker culture and open source culture.
Minuscule 342 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 314 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. 
Sebastian Garro y Sidrac  (14??–15??) was a Basque nobleman, Viscount of Zolina, Lord of Rocafort and Sidrac.
Tatlıca Waterfalls is a series of waterfalls in Sinop Province, north Turkey.
Susumaniello is a variety of red wine grape from the 'heel' of Italy. It is an ancient grape variety which is grown in the province of Brindisi in the southern  Italian region of Apulia.
Coleophora paripennella is a moth of the family Coleophoridae. It is found in most of Europe, except the Iberian Peninsula and Balkan Peninsula.
The wingspan is 10–13 mm. Adults are metallic bronze with white-tipped dark antennae. Coleophora species have narrow blunt to pointed forewings and a weakly defined tornus. The hindwings are narrow-elongate and very long-fringed. The upper surfaces have neither a discal spot nor transverse lines. Each abdomen segment of the abdomen has paired patches of tiny spines which show through the scales. The resting position is horizontal with the front end raised and the cilia give the hind tip a frayed and upturned look if the wings are rolled around the body. C. paripennella characteristics include:- Head shining greyish bronze. Antennae dark fuscous, apex white. Forewings rather dark fuscous, more or less bronzy-shining. Hindwings dark grey.They are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Arctium, Arnica, Carduus, Carlina, Centaurea jacea, Centaurea nigra, Cirsium arvense, Saussurea, Serratula tinctoria and Solidago species. Full-grown larva live in a blackish brown trivalved tubular silken case of about 8 mm. The mouth angle is 0°-10°, causing the case to lie almost flat on the leaf. Full-grown larvae can be from the end of May to early June.
Home Sick is a 2007 American horror film written by E. L. Katz and directed by Adam Wingard.
The film had its world premiere at the 2007 Fantasia Festival.
Leucopaxillus compactus is a species of fungus belonging to the family Tricholomataceae.It is native to Europe.
Nílton de Sordi (14 February 1931 – 24 August 2013), known simply as De Sordi, was a Brazilian footballer who played as a defender.
Camassia quamash,  commonly known as camas, small camas, common camas, common camash or quamash, is a perennial herb. It is native to western North America in large areas of southern Canada and the northwestern United States, from British Columbia and Alberta to California and east from Washington state to Montana and Wyoming.
Anthony Soren (born 19 January 1988) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Mohammedan S.C. in the I-League.
The Review of Environmental Economics and Policy (REEP) is a peer-reviewed journal of environmental economics published twice each year.  It is the official "accessible" journal of the Association of Environmental and Resource Economists (AERE), and complements the organization's other journal, the Journal of the Association of Environmental and Resource Economists (JAERE), which has a more technical research orientation.
REEP was conceived after years of consideration by the Association. Just as the Journal of Economic Perspectives is to the American Economic Review, REEP is intended to fill the gap between traditional academic research journals in environmental economics (like JEEM) and the general interest press by providing a widely accessible yet scholarly source for the latest thinking on environmental economics and related policy. REEP publishes symposia, articles, and regular features that contribute to one or more of the following goals: to identify and synthesize lessons learned from recent and ongoing environmental economics research, to provide economic analysis of environmental policy issues, to promote the sharing of ideas and perspectives among the various sub-fields of environmental economics, to strengthen the linkages between environmental economics research and environmental policy, to encourage communication and connections between academics and the wider policy community, to offer suggestions for future research, to provide insights and readings for use in the classroom, and to address issues of interest to the environmental economics profession.
REEP is edited by Carlo Carraro of the University of Venice, Harvard University, Matthew Kahn University of California, Los Angeles. Articles published by the REEP are generally commissioned by the editors, but are still typically subjected to anonymous peer review. Given the requirement that material appearing in the journal should be written for a non-technical audience and be highly readable, the submission of unsolicited manuscripts is not encouraged. There are simply too few other outlets for a paper with this structure if it turns out not to be appropriate for REEP. Speculative preparation of an article thus represents more of a gamble that usual in the world of economics journals. Instead, the editors welcome proposals for topics and authors, so that the suitability of potential contributions can be considered carefully in advance. All such proposals are invited to be sent to the journal's editorial office.  AERE and the editors of REEP hope that this new journal will evolve to continually reflect the interests and the changing needs of the worldwide membership of the AERE, as well as REEP's broader constituency of interested but non-specialist readers.
REEP is indexed by EconLit and the Journal of Economic Literature.
Basit Ahmed Siddiqui is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh since August 2018.
Nicholas Halm-Lutterodt, better known as Paa Nii Lutterodt (1937/38 – 18 July 2006) is a former Ghanaian international football player. He was nicknamed "The Fox".He won the 1965 Africa Cup of Nations title with Ghana, and scored in the group match against Ivory Coast.He died after a short illness in the Beth Israel Medical Center in Newark, New Jersey. He was buried in Osu, Ghana.
Gabriel Michael Bateman (born September 10, 2004) is an American child actor. He is best known for starring in numerous horror films, including as Robert in Annabelle (2014), Martin Wells in Lights Out (2016), Andy Barclay in Child's Play (2019), and Kyle Hunter in Unhinged (2020).
Bateman also had roles in family films, such as Carter Hughes in Benji (2018) and Oliver Reed in Think Like a Dog (2020). On television, he starred as Ethan Taylor in the CBS crime drama series Stalker (2014–2015) and Jack Hawthorne in the CBS mystery drama series American Gothic (2016).
Dwayne Haskins Jr. (born May 3, 1997) is an American football quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Ohio State University, where he threw 50 touchdowns in 2018, his lone starting season, one of just seven quarterbacks to reach the milestone in a single NCAA season. He won several Big Ten conference awards and was named a finalist for the Maxwell Award and Heisman Trophy.
Haskins was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the first round of the 2019 NFL Draft, but was released after less than two seasons due to both inefficient play on the field and not meeting the team's standards off it. He signed with the Steelers the following season.
Luděk Munzar  (20 March 1933 in Nová Včelnice – 26 January 2019 in Modřany, Prague) was a Czech actor. He appeared in the Czech New Wave film The Joke (Jaromil Jireš, 1969) and starred in the film Poslední propadne peklu under director Ludvík Ráža in 1982.Quote of the article at Radio Praha: "Munzar war einer der bedeutendsten Film- und Bühnendarsteller seiner Zeit, er genießt hierzulande den Ruf einer Legende. Er gehörte über 30 Jahre zum Schauspielensemble des Prager Nationaltheaters. Auf der Bühne trat er oft gemeinsam mit seiner Frau Jana Hlaváčová auf." (in English: "Munzar was one of the most important film and stage actors of his time, he enjoys the reputation of a legend here in the Czech Republic He belonged to the acting ensemble of the Prague National Theatre for more than 30 years. On stage he often appeared together with his wife Jana Hlaváčová.")
In the Czech Republic he was also known as the synchronized voice of Paul Newman in movies.
Bangladesh Agricultural University (Bengali: বাংলাদেশ কৃষি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় Bangladesh Krishi Bishshobiddalôe) or BAU was established as the only university of its kind in Bangladesh in 1961. The scheme for BAU was finalised on 8 June 1961 and its ordinance was promulgated on 18 August 1961. It started functioning with the College of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry at Mymensingh as its nucleus. The university has six faculties and 43 departments covering all aspects of agricultural education and research.
BAU was the second highest budgeted public university in Bangladesh for the year 2013–2014. It is ranked number one university of Bangladesh according to the webmatrix university ranking 2017. BAU's research in agriculture has made it well recognised across Asia. It also have a very low teacher-student ratio.
Seán Carey (born 15 November 1989) is a Gaelic footballer and hurler from County Tipperary. He plays with the Moyle Rovers Club and the Tipperary intercounty team. In 2010 he helped Tipperary win the Munster Under-21 Football Championship and [Munster Under-21 Hurling Championship. He later won the 2010 All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship. In 2007 he won Munster Minor Hurling Championship & All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship medals. He won Tipperary Senior Football Championship medal in 2009 with Moyle Rovers. 
Seán made his Championship debut for the Tipperary Senior Football against Limerick in the first round of the Munster Senior Football Championship. Sean captained the 2007 Tipperary Minor Football team and has also played Under 21 Football with Tipperary. He also won an All-Ireland Minor Hurling medal in 2007 playing at wing-forward scoring two goals against Cork in the final
Cyfri'r Geifr (English: Counting the Goats), also known as Oes Gafr Eto after the first line, is a Welsh folk song. Both the tune and the words are traditional, and have developed over the centuries.
Deryk Evandro Ramos, also commonly known simply as Deryk, in Brazil (born June 14, 1994), is a Brazilian professional basketball player.  He currently plays with C.R. Flamengo of the New Basket Brazil (NBB). At a height of 1.88 m (6'2") tall, he plays at the point guard and shooting guard positions.
Chinatown was an area roughly bounded by Northeast Ferry, Liberty, State and High streets, in Salem, Oregon, in which a high concentration of Chinese residents lived during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Chinese people came to Salem at first from the California goldfields, becoming numerous in the 1870s, living in "hovels abandoned by white tenants". In the 1890s, like other Chinatowns along the West Coast, the area was considered by non-Asians to be the source of sexually transmitted disease. Around 1905 the city council ordered a block of Chinatown on Liberty Street between Court and State Streets, and some other properties, to be condemned for "health and police concerns". One newspaper said Chinatown's "end" came in 1903. By 1920, there were 72 Chinese residents in the area, down from its peak of 367 in 1890.
25 Park Place, formerly known as Trust Company of Georgia Building and later the SunTrust Bank Building is a 115 m (377 ft) 28-story skyscraper in Downtown Atlanta. Built across from Woodruff Park, construction was finished in 1971. It was once the headquarters for Trust Company of Georgia, which is now known as SunTrust. It is now owned by Georgia State University, housing many of its departments in the College of Arts and Sciences.
Rudolf Baričević (1914, Jablanac – November 10, 1999, Zagreb) was a member of the Croatian Home Guard who participated in the Battle of Stalingrad with the 369th Reinforced Infantry Regiment. Baričević is credited with writing the war journal of the 369th Reinforced Infantry Regiment. He was the last Croat airlifted out of Stalingrad, leaving the city on the night of January 22. 
Baričević left the country in 1945. He returned to Croatia after the country's independence and published his book Život u emigraciji (Life in Emigration) in 1993. He died on November 10, 1999 and is buried in Mirogoj cemetery.
In October, 1982, three members of an anarchist urban guerrilla group known as Direct Action acted upon "their wish to end the arms race" and filled a stolen pick-up truck with 550 kg (1,210 lb) of dynamite and drove from Vancouver to Toronto, Canada planting the bomb outside Litton Industries, a manufacturer of American cruise missile components many feared would increase the risk of nuclear war. Although the militants had phoned to evacuate the building, the bomb was accidentally detonated several minutes before its announced deadline, injuring several bomb squad police officers and civilians in the vicinity.
Westown is a suburb of New Plymouth, in the western North Island of New Zealand. It is located to the southwest of the city centre and west of Frankleigh Park.
According to the 2013 New Zealand census, Westown has a population of 3,414, an increase of 15 people since the 2006 census.Taranaki Base Hospital lies between Westown and Lynmouth.
The Wendish Quarter or Sorbian Quarter, is a historical ethnic enclave and district in Cottbus, Brandenburg, Germany.
The black people of Yarmouk Basin are a little-known Afro-Arab ethnic group in Syria. Most live in southwestern Daraa Governorate.
The men's 100 metre butterfly competition at the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 23 at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre.  The last champion was Michael Phelps of US.This race consisted of two lengths of the pool, all in butterfly.
Talitiga Crawley (born 29 August 1991 in Moto'otua) is a Samoan taekwondo practitioner. She competed for Samoa at the 2012 Summer Olympics, having qualified for the competition. She studied under her coach Kesi O'Neill.
Roald Tweet (1933–2020) was a professor of English at Augustana College and a historian of the upper Mississippi River. Tweet was the husband of Margaret Tweet, the brother of David Tweet, father of Randall Tweet, Gretchen O'Brien, and Jonathan Tweet. Roald also was a grandfather and a great grandfather. Tweet was part of the Agustin's Historical Society, St. John's Lutheran Church, Contemporary Club, Eagle Scouts, and a member of Sons of Norway. He earned a master's degree in English and a Ph.D. in American Literature from the University of Chicago. He created three-minute vignettes about local history for his radio series, "Rock Island Lines," which earned the Illinois Humanities Council's Lawrence W. Towner Award in 2001. He earned the Studs Terkel Humanities Service Award in 2006. His published books include History of Transportation on the Upper Mississippi and Illinois Rivers, A History of the Rock Island District Corps of Engineers, 1866-1983, and The Quad Cities: An American Mosaic. In 2014 he began co-hosting the writing-related radio show Scribble. He was known as a whittler, and his little wooden birds were popular on Augustana campus.
The Museum for the Macedonian Struggle is located in the centre of the city Thessaloniki in Central Macedonia, Greece. It occupies a neo-classical building designed by the renowned architect Ernst Ziller and built in 1893. In its six ground-floor rooms the museum graphically illustrates the modern and contemporary history of Greek Macedonia. It presents the social, economic, political and military developments that shaped the presence of Hellenism in the region. This approach enables the visitor to form a global picture, not only of the revolutionary movements in the area, but also of the rapidly changing society of the southern Balkans and its agonizing struggles to balance between tradition and 
Bully tree is a common name for several neotropical trees in the family Sapotaceae and may refer to:
Manilkara spp. Manilkara bidentata, Manilkara spectabilis, Manilkara zapota  etc., trees
Terminalia amazonia, a tree from North South America to Middle America
as bastard bully tree: Pithecellobium lanceolotum, Sideroxylon americanum (Syn.: Bumelia retusa), Sideroxylon salicifolium Mountain, White Bully tree, Sideroxylon portoricense  subsp. portoricense (Syn.: Bumelia nigra, Dipholis nigra) Black, Red Bully tree
Slate Hill Settlement is an archaeological site in Northumberland, England, near the village of Bolam and about 7 miles (11 km) west of Morpeth. The site, a defended settlement dating from the Iron Age, is a scheduled monument.
John West (November 1778–21 December 1845) was the first Anglican priest in Western Canada and a teacher, reformer and author. A missionary of the Church Missionary Society and a chaplain for the Hudson's Bay Company, the chapel he founded in Winnipeg became St John's Cathedral. Among his converts was Henry Budd, the first Native American ordained an Anglican priest.
The canton of Montluçon-Sud is a former administrative division in central France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It included the following communes:
A conveyor belt is the carrying medium of a belt conveyor system (often shortened to belt conveyor). A belt conveyor system is one of many types of conveyor systems. A belt conveyor system consists of two or more pulleys (sometimes referred to as drums), with a closed loop of carrying medium—the conveyor belt—that rotates about them. One or both of the pulleys are powered, moving the belt and the material on the belt forward. The powered pulley is called the drive pulley while the unpowered pulley is called the idler pulley. There are two main industrial classes of belt conveyors; Those in general material handling such as those moving boxes along inside a factory and bulk material handling such as those used to transport large volumes of resources and agricultural materials, such as grain, salt, coal, ore, sand, overburden and more.
The 2019 Caribbean Series (Serie del Caribe) was the 61st edition of the international competition featuring the champions of the Cuban National Series, Dominican Professional Baseball League, Mexican Pacific League, Puerto Rican Professional Baseball League, Panamanian Professional Baseball League, and Venezuelan Professional Baseball League. It took place from February 4 to 10, 2019, at Estadio Nacional de Panamá in Panama City, Panama. The series was originally set to be hosted in Barquisimeto, Venezuela, but for the second consecutive year had to be moved to an alternate location. This was due primarily to security concerns stemming from the 2019 Venezuelan presidential crisis.The Toros de Herrera won the tournament, becoming the first team from Panama to win since the Carta Vieja Yankees in 1950. It was Panama's first appearance in a Caribbean Series since 1960.
Crowville Halt is an intermediate stopping place on the northerly section of the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man.
Żebry [ˈʐɛbrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kolno and 90 km (56 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
Julie Esmeralda Lima Pérez is a Venezuelan actress known for her roles in telenovelas. She was born in Caracas on 19 November 1981.
She was previously married to actor Jonathan Montenegro with whom they participated in the telenovela Juana la virgen. They have a daughter together who is called Antonella Alessandra Montenegro Lima
The Story of the Daughters of Quchan: Gender and National Memory in Iranian History is a 1998 political history book written by Afsaneh Najmabadi, about a 1905 occurrence of human trafficking in Iran. The titular Daughters of Quchan were a group of about 250 girls from the district of Quchan, who were kidnapped and sold by the local government in lieu of a tax.
NGC 159 is a barred lenticular galaxy in the constellation Phoenix. The galaxy was discovered on October 28, 1834, by John Frederick William Herschel.
Ilan H. Meyer (born January 26, 1956) is an American psychiatric epidemiologist, author, professor, and a senior scholar for public policy and sexual orientation law at the Williams Institute of UCLA. He has conducted extensive research on minority identities related to sexual orientation, gender, race and ethnicity, drawing conclusions on the impact of social stresses on their mental health. Meyer was an expert witness for the plaintiffs in Perry v. Schwarzenegger (2010), the federal case that overturned California Proposition 8.
Freeze branding (or cryobranding or cryo-branding) is a branding process that involves the use of liquid nitrogen or dry ice and alcohol to cool a branding iron so that the iron may then be used to alter the hair follicle of an animal to remove the pigmentation or to remove the hair altogether, depending on the color of the animal. Hair in the branded area will grow back white. On animals with white hair or no hair, the iron is left on the skin long enough so that the hair falls out and the area is balded or the skin depigmented.  It is most commonly used as an identification mark for ownership.
Freeze branding is used as an alternative to the more traditional hot branding. This process involves the use of a hot iron to scar an animal's skin, which can be painful and traumatizing to the animal. Freeze branding has been gaining in popularity as a less painful way to permanently mark and identify animals. There has been debate whether freeze branding truly is less painful than hot branding, but studies conducted to compare the pain of the two methods have concluded that freeze branding is indeed less painful.Freeze branding is done by cooling the branding iron to a temperature of −78 to −196 °C (195.2 to 77.1 K; −108.4 to −320.8 °F), depending on the coolant used, and then pressing the brand to a shaved patch of skin on a pigmented animal. The area will be temporarily inflamed but will heal within a few days. The hair falls out, and after two to three months hair will be fully regrown, without pigment. The hair will continue to grow white from that point onward, so this is still permanent for animals that shed their coats. On white-haired animals, the brand is kept on longer, destroying the hair follicle altogether, and the area remains bald, and thus the brand can still be used to identify white-haired animals.
Kakaji Maharaj (1918–1986) was the devotee of Swaminarayan. He belonged to the Swaminarayan faith. The Government of India issued a commemorative postage stamp on Kakaji Maharaj in 2003.
Anthony Briançon (born 28 November 1994) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Ligue 2 club Nîmes.
Stefan Petrov Topurov (Bulgarian: Стефан Петров Топуров) (born August 11, 1964 in Asenovgrad), is a former weightlifter, Olympian and World Champion from Bulgaria.
He was the first lifter to clean & jerk 3 times his body weight, with a 180 kg lift in the 60 kg division at the 1983 World Weightlifting Championships.
The Ralph W. Shattuck House is a historic duplex house in Arlington, Massachusetts.  The 2+1⁄2-story wood frame double house was built c. 1875, and is one of the best-preserved Italianate houses in the town.  It has a heavily bracketed cornice line, a bracketed hood sheltering the two entrances, and decorative window surrounds with small brackets at the lintel.  It was owned by Ralph W. Shattuck, proprietor of Shattuck Hardware, one Arlington's longest-running businesses.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Jonathan Atsu (born 27 September 1996) is a French swimmer. He competed in the men's 200 metre freestyle at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Grant David Hayunga, (born June 23, 1970) is an American painter and musician of Frisian descent.
Hitler: The Rise of Evil is a Canadian television miniseries in two parts, directed by Christian Duguay and produced by Alliance Atlantis. It stars Robert Carlyle in the lead role and explores Adolf Hitler's rise and his early consolidation of power during the years after the First World War and focuses on how the embittered, politically fragmented and economically buffeted state of German society following the war made that ascent possible. The film also focuses on Ernst Hanfstaengl's influence on Hitler's rise to power. The miniseries, which premiered simultaneously in May 2003 on CBC in Canada and CBS in the United States, received two Emmy Awards, for Art Direction and Sound Editing, while Peter O'Toole was nominated for Best Supporting Actor.The film's subplot follows the struggles of Fritz Gerlich, a German journalist who opposes the rising Nazi Party. The quotation disputably attributed to Edmund Burke is displayed at the beginning and end of the film:
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing."
Heart of Darkness (1899) is a novella by Polish-English novelist Joseph Conrad. It tells the story of Charles Marlow, a sailor who takes on an assignment from a Belgian trading company as a ferry-boat captain in the African interior. The novel is widely regarded as a critique of European colonial rule in Africa, whilst also examining the themes of power dynamics and morality. Although Conrad does not name the river where the narrative takes place, at the time of writing the Congo Free State, the location of the large and economically important Congo River, was a private colony of Belgium's King Leopold II. Marlow is given a text by Kurtz, an ivory trader working on a trading station far up the river, who has "gone native" and is the object of Marlow's expedition. 
Central to Conrad's work is the idea that there is little difference between "civilised people" and "savages." Heart of Darkness implicitly comments on imperialism and racism. The novella's setting provides the frame for Marlow's story of his obsession with the successful ivory trader Kurtz. Conrad offers parallels between London ("the greatest town on earth") and Africa as places of darkness.Originally issued as a three-part serial story in Blackwood's Magazine to celebrate the thousandth edition of the magazine, Heart of Darkness has been widely re-published and translated into many languages. It provided the inspiration for Francis Ford Coppola's 1979 film Apocalypse Now. In 1998, the Modern Library ranked Heart of Darkness 67th on their list of the 100 best novels in English of the twentieth century.
The following is a list of pop punk studio albums by notable artists that have been described as such by music reviews or any similar source. They are listed in chronological order.
Zip & Zap and the Captain's Island (Spanish: Zipi y Zape y la isla del capitán) is a 2016 Spanish adventure film directed by Oskar Santos and starred by Teo Planell, Toni Gómez and Elena Anaya. This is the sequel to Zip & Zap and the Marble Gang.
The Haymarket Commercial Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district located in Council Bluffs, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.  At the time of its nomination the district consisted of 28 resources, including 19 contributing buildings, and nine non-contributing buildings.  "Haymarket" is the forked-junction of Main and Pearl Streets where the city's scales were located in the 1890s.  It is on the south side of the central business district.  Council Bluffs was founded in the late 1840s as Kanesville by Mormons.  When Brigham Young called all people of the faith outside of Utah to Salt Lake City in 1852, the community ceased to be majority Mormon.  It was renamed Council Bluffs in 1853.  The buildings here are among the earliest extant commercial buildings in the city.The district developed between 1865 and 1930.  The buildings were built in three periods:1865-1880, 1880–1900, and 1900–1930.  They are two-story, brick, vernacular commercial structures.  The first floors are commercial spaces with cast-iron storefronts, and the buildings are capped with metal cornices.  The more elaborate decorative details are found on the buildings that were built in the 1880s and the 1890s.  The simplest buildings are the oldest.  The buildings north of the Main Street/Pearl Street intersection have primary facades on both streets.
Dockapps, or docked applications are computer programs which appear to reside inside an icon rather than a window in graphical computer systems, normally in a part of the user interface known as the dock.  Their display is constantly updated just like a windowed application, but appears inside a small (64x64 pixel) icon.
This makes dockapps particularly suitable for monitoring things in the background, and some applications of dockapps are:
Tulane University is a private research university in New Orleans, Louisiana.  It was founded as a public medical college in 1834 and became a comprehensive university in 1847. The institution became private under the endowments of Paul Tulane and Josephine Louise Newcomb in 1884. Tulane is the 9th oldest private university in the Association of American Universities, which includes major research universities in the United States and Canada. The Tulane University Law School and Tulane University Medical School are, respectively, the 12th oldest law school and 15th oldest medical school in the United States. Tulane has been a member of the Association of American Universities since 1958 and is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity".Tulane is considered highly selective, with an acceptance rate of 9.73% for the Class of 2025. Alumni include twelve governors of Louisiana; one Chief Justice of the United States; various members of Congress, including a Speaker of the U.S. House; two Surgeons General of the United States; 23 Marshall Scholars; 18 Rhodes Scholars; 15 Truman Scholars; 155 Fulbright Scholars; four living billionaires; and a former President of Costa Rica. Two Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the university.
Sainte-Néomaye is a commune in the Deux-Sèvres department in western France. It has 1,324 inhabitants (2018). They are called Neomadiens.
The NS 3500 was a series of steam locomotives of the Dutch Railways (NS), which were acquired second-hand from the Swiss railways SBB.
After the Second World War, the NS urgently needed locomotives, as many locomotives had been destroyed or taken due to the war conditions. Among other things, 22 2'C (4-6-0) steam locomotives of the class A 3/5 603–649, which were withdrawn there, were taken over from the Swiss SBB.
The locomotives would actually be put into service as NS series 3651–3672, but because the last three locomotives of the NS 3500 series had been withdrawn shortly before, these locomotives were given the numbers 3501–3522. Between May and October 1946 they were taken in five locomotive convoys via France and Belgium to the Central Workshop of the NS in Tilburg. There were some adjustments made before they were put into service from June 1946 in unaltered black livery. The locomotives were allocated to Zwolle, Nijmegen, The Hague, Venlo and Zutphen depot. At the NS, they were nicknamed 'Goudvinken' (bullfinches) because of the narrow brass band around the chimney. But some locomotives were painted in NS green. After only a few years of service, the locomotives were withdrawn between 1948 and 1952.
John W. Murphy (January 16, 1878 – December 9, 1963), a Democrat, was Mayor of New Haven, Connecticut, elected to  seven consecutive terms between 1932 and 1945. He was the city's leading political figure in the first half of the twentieth century. 
Murphy left school in the sixth grade to help support his family. While still a child, he labored for years under hazardous conditions in a cigar factory and as a young man became an organizer for the Cigar Workers Union, the first trade union in the United States. He rose from union business agent to vice president of the Connecticut Federation of Labor. Murphy was elected to the New Haven Board of Alderman and served five terms as its President between 1922 and 1931. 
By November, 1931, the city was in the midst of the Great Depression, suffering massive unemployment and a city government on the brink of bankruptcy. Murphy elected mayor by a coalition of the city's working classes, now largely unemployed. Murphy formed a coalition of business, union and civic leaders, including leading Democrats and Republicans, to stabilize the city's finances. Murphy refinanced the city's debt, thereby allowing the provision of food, shelter and material support for more than 60,000 underemployed citizens representing 40% of the total population.
Murphy's civic coalition anticipated the election of Roosevelt and the advent of the New Deal, which brought federal support starting in 1933. Murphy guided New Haven through the Depression and World War II, when the city's manufacturing base created thousands of new jobs providing materiel for the war effort. 
Murphy, known popularly as “Honest John” and “The Singing Mayor” was a gifted writer, speaker and singer. He was a close advisor to Connecticut Governor Wilbur Cross, who asked him to serve as Lieutenant Governor, a position Murphy declined. 
Murphy was married to Helen O'Connell and the couple had three children, Mary Ellen Murphy Mininberg, John W. Murphy, Jr. and Catherine Murphy Spodnick. Mary Ellen, a teacher in New Haven public schools, continued her father's work as a social activist and Democratic Party leader until her death in 2016.
The Scarecrow (Dr. Jonathan Crane) is a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Created by Bill Finger and Bob Kane, he made his debut in World's Finest Comics #3 (September, 1941). He is one of the most enduring enemies of the hero Batman and belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up the Dark Knight's rogues gallery.As the self-proclaimed "Master of Fear", the Scarecrow is a former professor of psychology who uses a variety of experimental toxins and psychological tactics to exploit the fears and phobias of his victims and adversaries, especially Batman's. He does not commit his crimes for wealth, but rather for the thrill and power of terrifying people, as well as to conduct "research" to further study the effects of fear on humans, making the citizens of Gotham City his unwilling guinea pigs.Ever since his introduction, the Scarecrow has been substantially adapted into various forms of media, such as films, television series, and video games. Many actors have provided the voice for the character over the years, including Henry Polic II and Jeffrey Combs in the DC Animated Universe, Dino Andrade and John Noble in the Batman: Arkham video game series, Robert Englund in Injustice 2, and Rahul Kohli in Harley Quinn, available on HBO Max. In live action, the Scarecrow has been portrayed in film by Cillian Murphy in The Dark Knight Trilogy, and in television by Charlie Tahan and David W. Thompson in Gotham, and Vincent Kartheiser in the third season of Titans.
Sir Peter Tilliol, also called Peter de Tilliol (1299-1348) was a Cumberland landowner, politician and judge; he was High Sheriff of Cumberland,  and  served briefly as  Lord Chief Justice of Ireland.
He was born at Scaleby Castle, Cumberland, son of Sir Robert de Tilliol (died 1320) and Maud de Lascelles. The Tilliol family had been granted the lands of  Scaleby by Henry I and over the centuries had become one of the leading landowning families in Cumberland. It was Sir Robert who built the Castle  some time after 1307.In 1322 Tilliol saw  military service on  the Scottish border under the command of Andrew Harclay, 1st Earl of Carlisle; this might well have been politically ruinous since Carlisle's decision  to make a peace treaty   with the Scots on his own initiative, without royal sanction, led to his downfall and execution for treason in 1323.   Tilliol however seems to have escaped unscathed from the affair; he was twice High Sheriff of Cumberland in 1327 and 1329,  and represented Cumberland as knight of the shire in the House of Commons of England. He sat regularly as a  Commissioner for oyer and terminer, and in 1341  he  was given a special commission by Parliament to punish rebels and suppress trespass in  Cumberland.His judicial experience may explain the decision to send him to Ireland as Lord Chief Justice, where two rival office  holders Thomas Louth and Elias de Asshebournham spent most of the 1330s disputing their right to  the position. Tilliol may have been a compromise candidate;  he went to Ireland in  the spring of 1331  but returned to England almost at once.By his wife Isabel he was the father of Sir Robert de Tilliol; Robert and his son Peter continued the family tradition of serving as High Sheriffs of Cumberland.  The male Tilliol line died out in 1435.
Nancagua (Spanish pronunciation: [naŋˈkaɣwa]) is a Chilean city and commune in Colchagua Province, O'Higgins Region.
Littoraria ianthostoma is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.
Konstantinos Panageas (also spelled Constantinos, born 11 August 1949) is a Greek sports shooter. He competed in two events at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Florida is a state located in the Southeastern region of the United States. Florida is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico, to the northwest by Alabama, to the north by Georgia, to the east by the Bahamas and Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Straits of Florida and Cuba; it is the only state that borders both the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. Spanning 65,758 square miles, Florida ranks 22nd in area among the 50 states, and with a population of over 21 million, is the third-most populous. The state capital is Tallahassee and the most populous city is Jacksonville. The Miami metropolitan area, with a population of almost 6.2 million, is the most populous urban area in Florida and the seventh-most populous in the United States; other urban conurbations with over one million people are Tampa Bay, Orlando, and Jacksonville.
Various Native American groups have inhabited Florida for at least 14,000 years. In 1513, Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de León became the first known European to make landfall, calling the region La Florida ([la floˈɾiða] for its lush greenery and the Easter season (Pascua Florida in Spanish). Florida subsequently became the first area in the continental U.S. to be permanently settled by Europeans, with the Spanish colony of St. Augustine, founded in 1565, being the oldest continuously inhabited city. Florida was repeatedly contested by Spain and Great Britain, before being ceded to the U.S. in 1819; it was admitted as the 27th state on March 3, 1845. Florida was the principal location of the Seminole Wars (1816–1858), the longest and most extensive of the Indian Wars in U.S. history. The state seceded from the Union on January 10, 1861, becoming one of the seven original Confederate States. After the Civil War, Florida was restored to the Union on June 25, 1868.
Since the mid-20th century, Florida has experienced rapid demographic and economic growth. Its $1.0 trillion economy is the fourth-largest of any U.S. state and the 16th-largest in the world; the main sectors are tourism, hospitality, agriculture, real estate, and transportation. Florida is world-renowned for its beach resorts, amusement parks, warm and sunny climate, and nautical recreation; attractions such as Walt Disney World, the Kennedy Space Center, and Miami Beach draw tens of millions of visitors annually. Florida is a popular destination for retirees, seasonal vacationers, and both domestic and international migrants; it hosts nine out of the ten fastest-growing communities in the U.S. The state's close proximity to the ocean has shaped its culture, identity, and daily life; its colonial history and successive waves of migration are reflected in African, European, Indigenous, Latino, and Asian influences. Florida has attracted or inspired writers such as Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, Ernest Hemingway and Tennessee Williams, and continues to attract celebrities and athletes, particularly in golf, tennis, auto racing, and water sports. Florida is also heavily noted for being a battleground state in American presidential elections, notably those in 2000, 2016, and 2020.
About two-thirds of Florida occupies a peninsula between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. It has the longest coastline in the contiguous United States, spanning approximately 1,350 miles (2,170 km), not including its many barrier islands. Florida has 4,510 islands that are ten acres (4 ha) or larger in area, the second highest number after Alaska. Much of the state is at or near sea level, and is characterized by sedimentary soil. Florida is the flattest state in the country, with the lowest high point of any U.S. state, at just 345 feet (105 meters). Lake Okeechobee is its largest freshwater lake, and the second-largest located entirely within the contiguous 48 states. Several beaches in Florida have turquoise and emerald-colored coastal waters.
Florida's climate varies from subtropical in the north to tropical in the south. It is the only state besides Hawaii to have a tropical climate, and is the only continental state with both a tropical climate (at the lower tip of the peninsula) and a coral reef. Consequently, Florida has several unique ecosystems, most notably Everglades National Park, the largest tropical wilderness in the U.S. and among the largest in the Americas. Unique wildlife include the American alligator, American crocodile, American flamingo, Roseate spoonbill, Florida panther, bottlenose dolphin, and manatee. The Florida Reef is the only living coral barrier reef in the continental United States, and the third-largest coral barrier reef system in the world (after the Great Barrier Reef and Belize Barrier Reef).
The New York Daily News, officially titled the Daily News, is an American newspaper based in New York City. It was founded in 1919 by Joseph Medill Patterson as the Illustrated Daily News. It was the first U.S. daily printed in tabloid format. It reached its peak circulation in 1947, at 2.4 million copies a day. As of 2019 it was the eleventh-highest circulated newspaper in the United States. Today's Daily News is not connected to the earlier New York Daily News, which shut down in 1906.
The Daily News is owned by parent company Tribune Publishing. This company was acquired by Alden Global Capital, which operates its media properties through Digital First Media, in May 2021. After the Alden acquisition, alone among the newspapers acquired from Tribune Publishing, the Daily News property was spun off into a separate subsidiary called Daily News Enterprises.
Taungyagon is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
The following is a list of the seven municipalities (comuni) of the Province of Prato, Tuscany, Italy. The capital of the province is in bold.
Ruaidhrí Higgins (born 23 October 1984) is a retired Northern Irish footballer who was best known for his time at Derry City. He is currently manager of Derry City
Softcoding is a computer coding term that refers to obtaining a value or function from some external resource, such as text files, INI files, preprocessor macros, external constants, configuration files, command-line arguments, databases, user input, HTTP server responses. It is the opposite of hardcoding, which refers to coding values and functions in the source code.
William Samuel Johnson (October 7, 1727 – November 14, 1819) was an American Founding Father and statesman. During the Revolutionary War, he served as a militia lieutenant before being relieved following his rejection of his election to the First Continental Congress. He was notable for signing the United States Constitution, for representing Connecticut in the United States Senate, and for serving as the third president of King's College, now known as Columbia University.
Paintings on masonite is a series of 27 abstract paintings made by Joan Miró using the type of proprietary hardboard known as masonite, just after the Spanish Civil War started on 18 July 1936. These works break with his earlier phase which was known as his wild paintings period. This was a label established to describe the work done during the two years preceding the Civil War, between 1934 and 1936.
Seleh Marz (Persian: سله مرز) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 770, in 168 families.
The Worshipful Company of Ironmongers is one of the livery companies of the City of London, incorporated under a Royal Charter in 1463.
Campomanesia laurifolia is a species of plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae. It is endemic to Atlantic Forest habitats in Rio de Janeiro state of southeastern Brazil. It is a Critically endangered species on the IUCN Red List, and is threatened by habitat loss.
George Robinson was an English stockbroker and swindler in the 1720s and early 1730s. A banker in Lombard Street, he was appointed the circulating cashier of the Charitable Corporation. In 1727 he was one of the Corporation's 'Partnership of Five' (with Sir Alexander Grant, William Burroughs, William Squire and John Thomson) who began buying up shares. He and several officers of the Corporation obtained money from it by pawning false pledges, and proceeded to engage in a large scale speculation in the shares of that company and York Buildings Company, also borrowing against the shares purchased so that his partners failed to get what they bought.
Robinson obtained a seat in the House of Commons when he was elected MP for Great Marlow in 1731, but was unable to sit before the affair began to come to light. He fled to France with Thomson, the warehouse-keeper, in October. They were both declared bankrupt. Robinson was back by 25 November and appeared before the General Court of the Company.  By 18 December, he was in hiding again because the Company would not supersede the Commission of bankruptcy against him. He had "seen fit to absent himself from the kingdom", according to William Goostry, his attorney. Robinson was expelled from the House in absentia on 3 April 1732 for "indirect and fraudulent Practices in the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation, and for having never attended the Service of the House, although required to do so".His estate at Moor Place, Great Marlow (with a farmhouse, 300 acres (1.2 km2) of land and 230 acres (0.93 km2) of woods) was advertised for sale in January 1734. An earlier advertisement had also mentioned Temple Mills and a lock at Great Marlow. However, the bankruptcy proceedings continued for over 15 more years, a dividend being declared from his estate in 1748. As an Act of Parliament had been passed making him a felon if he did not return by a certain date, it is likely that he remained abroad for the rest of his life.  Thomson returned after the Act was amended to extend the time for him doing so.
Prior to the Fire is the second studio album by Canadian hard rock group Priestess. 
Recorded in Los Angeles with producer David Schiffman, the album was initially released on October 20, 2009, by Indica Records in Canada. By design, the album lacks the production values of the band's debut album, Hello Master, in order to achieve a more natural sound. As the band took more progressive rock influences and applied them to their songwriting, they changed their lyrical focus and wrote about themes considered to be more unusual for rock music, such as film and television characters, for this album.
The record is known for the difficulty Priestess encountered in trying to release it. The band's extensive touring schedule for their previous album Hello Master consumed much of the time they would have used to write new material, and after they began doing so, they had disputes with RCA Records, their international distributor at the time, as to whether the new songs were acceptable. After the completion of the recording sessions, which were themselves problematic, RCA ultimately refused to release the album, fearing it was not commercial enough, but allowed the group to release it on another label. Tee Pee Records signed the group thereafter and released the album internationally. Priestess were still signed to Indica Records, but only for Canadian distribution; the release on Indica was withheld until an international distributor was found.
Critical reaction to the album was mixed, but largely positive. The departure in style from Hello Master was frequently noted for better or for worse, and comparisons of the group to influential hard rock and heavy metal acts such as Thin Lizzy and Black Sabbath were once again made.
Mahonia polyodonta is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1901. It is native to Assam, Myanmar, and southwestern China (Guizhou, Hubei, Sichuan, Tibet, Yunnan).
Baz (Persian: باز, also Romanized as Bāz) is a village in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 129, in 50 families.
The 1990 Major League Baseball  (MLB) Draft was held in June 1990.  The draft placed amateur baseball players onto major league teams. 1,487 players were distributed to 26 teams. The draft consisted of first round selections, supplemental first round selections, compensation picks, and many more rounds, in fact, it went a record 101 rounds with 40 first round selections. With a league-worst record of 63 wins and 97 losses in the 1989 MLB Season, the Atlanta Braves selected shortstop, Chipper Jones out of the Bolles School with the first pick of the draft. Nine NBA and NFL players were drafted in 1990. Seven of the first 10 picks were selected directly out of high school.
The medial collateral ligament (MCL), or tibial collateral ligament (TCL), is one of the four major ligaments of the knee. It is on the medial (inner) side of the knee joint in humans and other primates. Its primary function is to resist outward turning forces on the knee.
Keiron Cunningham (born (1976-10-28)28 October 1976) is a professional rugby league coach and former player. A Great Britain and Wales international representative hooker, he played his entire professional career at St Helens, making nearly 500 appearances for the club between 1994 and 2010 and winning numerous trophies. He has been frequently cited as being among the best players in the Super League history and is widely regarded to be one of St Helens' greatest players of all time.The youngest of ten siblings, two of his brothers, Eddie Cunningham and Tommy Cunningham, also played for St Helens. Keiron Cunningham was born five months after his brother Eddie won a Rugby League Challenge Cup winner's medal for St Helens against Widnes.Following his retirement as a player, Cunningham remained at St Helens as an assistant coach, and was head coach of the club between 2015 and 2017. He is currently head of rugby at Leigh Centurions.
Alexander Dwight Foster (born August 26, 1984) is a retired American professional ice hockey forward who last played with the Brampton Beast of the ECHL. 
He is the son of former NHL player Dwight Foster and nephew of former NHL player Wes Jarvis. Prior to advancing to the professional ranks, Foster played both junior hockey and college hockey. He played his collegiate hockey at Bowling Green State University. After leaving college in 2006, he was signed to the Toronto Maple Leafs organization. He played for their farm team, the Toronto Marlies, occasionally being called into action for the NHL team, the Toronto Maple Leafs.
The Governor-General of Taiwan (Japanese: 臺灣總督, romanized: Taiwan Sōtoku) was the head of the Government-General of Taiwan in the Japanese era (including Formosa and the Pescadores) when they were part of the Empire of Japan, from 1895 to 1945.
The Japanese Governors-General were members of the Diet, civilian officials, Japanese nobles or generals. They exercised their power on behalf of the Sovereign of Taiwan (the Emperor of Japan) until the dissolution of the Empire when the dominion came under administration of the Republic of China and was renounced by Japan.
Kaleigh Quennec (born 15 February 1998) is a Canadian-Swiss ice hockey player and member of the Swiss national team, currently playing in the Réseau du sport étudiant du Québec (RSEQ) conference of U Sports with the Montreal Carabins women's ice hockey program.
Quennec represented Switzerland at the IIHF Women's World Championships in 2019 and 2021. As a junior player with the Swiss national under-18 team, she participated in the IIHF U18 Women's World Championships at the Division I Group A tournament in 2014 and at the Top Division tournaments in 2015 and 2016.
Lily Jo Hanson (born Joe Hanson, February 23, 1983) is a writer and comedian living in Los Angeles and is best known for her work on Current TV, Smash Cuts, and Joe Goes.
Fenerbahçe Ülker is the professional men's basketball department of Fenerbahçe S.K., a major multisport club based in Istanbul, Turkey.
Patrick Clive Williams (born September 7, 1981) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. A professional competitor since 2010, he has also formerly competed for the Xtreme Fighting Championships in his native Florida.
El Cronista (Spanish: The Reporter) is a daily business newspaper published in Buenos Aires, Argentina.It was founded by Martin Giménez Antonio and first published as El Cronista Comercial on November 1, 1908.  In 1989 the name was changed to El Cronista.It was the first business daily newspaper in Argentina.  In 1994, it was the first newspaper in Argentina to publish online.It is published by Unidad Editorial.
In 2021, it was acquired by Grupo América for 6 million USD.
Tu Mo Rong (Vietnamese: Tu Mơ Rông) is a district (huyện) of Kon Tum province in the Central Highlands region of Vietnam.
On 9 January 2014, an explosion occurred at a Mitsubishi Materials chemical plant in Yokkaichi, Mie, Japan, killing at least five people and injuring 17 others.
The Cardiff accent, also known as Cardiff English, is the regional accent of English, and a variety of Welsh English, as spoken in and around the city of Cardiff, and is somewhat distinctive in Wales, compared with other Welsh accents. Its pitch is described as somewhat lower than that of Received Pronunciation, whereas its intonation is closer to dialects of England rather than Wales.It is estimated that around 500,000 people speak Cardiff English. The accent is generally limited to inside the city's northern boundary, rather than extending to the nearby South Wales Valleys where the spoken variety of English is different. However, the accent area spreads east and west of the city's political borders, covering much of the former counties of South Glamorgan and south-west Gwent, including Newport and coastal Monmouthshire.The dialect developed distinctively as the city grew in the nineteenth century, with an influx of migrants from different parts of Britain and further afield. The Cardiff accent and vocabulary has been influenced in particular by those who moved there from the English Midlands, the West Country, other parts of Wales, and Ireland.  The Survey of English Dialects did not cover Cardiff but it did survey nearby Newport and six small villages in Monmouthshire.
Erigeron grandiflorus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Rocky Mountain alpine fleabane and largeflower fleabane.Erigeron grandiflorus is native to the Rocky Mountains and other nearby mountain ranges of western Canada and the western United States, from Alberta and British Columbia south to New Mexico and Arizona.Erigeron grandiflorus is a perennial herb up to 25 cm (10 inches) tall, spreading by means of underground rhizomes. The plant generally produces only one flower heads per stem. Each head contains as many as 130 blue, pink, white, or purple ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
Los Cortijillos is a village and district of the Spanish municipality of Los Barrios of the Province of Cádiz, Andalucia, Spain. It is located six kilometres east of the main town of the municipality, just south of Guadacorte, between Gibraltar and Algeciras. As of 2009 had a population of 2,636 inhabitants. There is an industrial park and marshes in the area.
The 2021–22 Army Black Knights women's basketball team represent the United States Military Academy during the 2021–22 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Black Knights are led by 1st-year head coach Missy Traversi, and play their home games at Christl Arena in West Point, New York as members of the Patriot League.
Fight Against Coercive Tactics Network, also known as FACTNet, co-founded by Robert Penny and Lawrence Wollersheim, was a Colorado-based organization with the stated aim of educating and facilitating communication about "destructive mind control". Coercive tactics, or "coercive psychological systems", are defined on their website as "unethical mind control such as brainwashing, thought reform, destructive persuasion and coercive persuasion".The founding thesis of FACTNet — that cults use mind control and brainwashing on their members — remains a debated subject, with Margaret Singer, Philip Zimbardo, and some others in the anti-cult movement promoting the concept while Eileen Barker, James Richardson, and other scholars, as well as legal experts, rejecting at least the popular understanding of brainwashing.
Emblemariopsis ramirezi is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from Venezuela, in the western central Atlantic ocean. The specific name honours Humberto Ramirez, who found this species and drew Cervigón's attention to it.
Pharmácia Popular (People's Pharmacy, English literal) is a pharmacy museum.  It is located in town of Bananal in the Brazilian state of São Paulo.
It is considered the oldest pharmacy in Brazil, founded in 1830 under the name Imperial Pharmacy, still in operation.
Gask (Persian: گسك, also Romanized as Gāsg and Gesg) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 565, in 174 families.
Caleb Kelly (born Dunedin, 1972) is a curator, author and educator from New Zealand currently based in Sydney, Australia. His particular area of interest is sound and noise works by artists.
Streamline Cars Ltd was the company responsible for making the Burney car designed by Dennis Burney.
Sir Dennistoun Burney rose to fame as an airship designer, best known for his work at Howden on the R100 for Vickers.
Starting in 1927, thirteen cars were made at Maidenhead. Each was different, as they were intended as showcases for his patents rather than for serious production.
"The Singularity" is the eighteenth episode of the third season of the American television series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), revolving around the character of Phil Coulson and his team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents as they attempt to defeat Hive. It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise. The episode was written by Lauren LeFranc, and directed by Garry A. Brown.
Clark Gregg reprises his role as Coulson from the film series, and is joined by series regulars Ming-Na Wen, Brett Dalton, Chloe Bennet, Iain De Caestecker, Elizabeth Henstridge, Henry Simmons, and Luke Mitchell.
"The Singularity" originally aired on ABC on April 26, 2016, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 3.22 million viewers.
Lewis A. Craparotta (born March 7, 1960) is a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general who last served as the commanding general of United States Marine Corps Training and Education Command. Craparotta previously served as commanding general of Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms.
Mario Guillermo Desbordes Jiménez (born 15 October 1968) is a Chilean politician and former police officer of Carabineros de Chile. He became minister of Defense in July 2020.
Desbordes was a member of Congress in the Chamber of Deputies and also the president of National Renewal from 2018 to 2020. Likewise, he was secretary-general of his party (2010−2018) and, during President Sebastián Piñera's first administration, Desbordes had a spell as undersecretary of Investigations.
Known in Chile for his «social right-wing» project, he played a key role in the 2019 agreement for a plebiscite towards a new constitution to replace the 1980 Constitution drafted under Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship (1973–1990). Likewise, after the agreement, he mentioned to the press that he decided to vote «Approve» a new text (winner option) in the entry plebiscite held on October 25, 2020.In July 2021 Desbordes finished last in a four-way Chile Vamos primary, ending his presidential run.
North West Durham is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 12 December 2019 by Richard Holden of the Conservative Party.
The Center for Women In Technology (CWIT) was established at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County in July 1998. The center's original name was the "Center for Women and Information Technology", and it was founded to encourage women as both developers of information technology and to women's experiences as users of IT. The original CWIT site included a large number of resources and links and served as a clearinghouse about women and information technology. This work included focusing on K-12 education as well as supporting university students, and work force advancement and retention. The center has included engineering majors since 2006, and in 2011 its name was changed to the Center for Women In Technology.
Parliamentary elections were held in Norway in 1838. As political parties were not officially established until 1884, all those elected were independents. The number of seats in the Storting was increased from 96 to 99. Voter turnout was 50.2%, although only 5.7% of the country's population was eligible to vote.
Fabio Escobar Benítez (born 2 February 1982 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan retired football forward.
This is a list of presidents of the Himan and Heeb, an autonomus region in Somalia. The President of Himan and Heeb was an executive head of state, also functioning as the head of administration (head of government). There is no prime minister.
The local administration's term is 5 years with the exception of the Council of Elders (Guurti); the Guurti has the power to re-appoint new or retain the old members of the administration. In early October 2010, the Council of Elders (Guurti) in Adado renewed the term of President Mohamed Adan Tiicey and his administration for another five years.
Elatophilus inimicus is a species of minute pirate bug in the family Anthocoridae. It is found in North America.
82P/Gehrels is a periodic comet that was discovered on October 27, 1975, by Tom Gehrels at the Palomar Mountain Observatory in California having a faint nuclear brightness of magnitude 17.Calculations based on the early sightings gave an estimated perihelion of 23 April 1975 and an orbital period of 8.11 years. It was observed by J. Gibson on its next predicted apparition in 1984, using the 122-cm Schmidt at Palomar, when he estimated the nuclear brightness at a very faint magnitude 20. It has since been observed in 1993, 2001 and 2010.The object has been identified as a quasi-Hilda comet, which means it is near a 3:2 mean-motion resonance with the planet Jupiter. It fits the definition of an Encke-type comet with (TJupiter > 3; a < aJupiter). It has an estimated diameter of 1.46 km.On 15 August 1970 the comet passed 0.00143 AU (214,000 km; 133,000 mi) from Jupiter.
The 1895 Stanford football team represented Stanford University in the 1895 college football season and was coached by Walter Camp in his second consecutive and third overall year with the team. It was also his last year at Stanford; he returned to Yale after the season where he served as a volunteer advisory coach for 15 years.
An airborne observatory is an airplane, airship, or balloon with an astronomical telescope. By carrying the telescope to a sufficiently high altitude, the telescope can avoid cloud cover, pollution, and carry out observations in the infrared spectrum, above water vapor in the atmosphere which absorbs infrared radiation. Some drawbacks to this approach are the instability of the lifting platform, the weight restrictions on the instrument, the need to safely recover the gear afterward, and the cost compared to a comparable ground-based observatory.
The National Black Theatre was a theatre company run by a small group of Aboriginal people based in the Sydney suburb of Redfern and which operated from 1972 to 1977. The original concept for the theatre grew out of political struggles, especially the land rights demonstrations, which at the time were being organised by the Black Moratorium Committee. The centre held workshops in modern dancing, tribal dancing, writing for theatre, karate and photography, and provided a venue for new Aboriginal drama. It also ran drama classes under Brian Syron, whose students included Jack Davis, Freddie Reynolds, Maureen Watson, Lillian Crombie, and Hyllus Maris.
The company ran the Black Theatre Arts and Culture Centre from 1974 to 1977.
Kangru is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Kiili Parish, Harju County, Estonia, about 10 km (6 mi) south of Tallinn. It has a population of 431 (as of 2009).Kangru gained its small borough status on 18 August 2008; before that it was a village.
Tom Holthe (born 25 March 1956) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party.  He was elected as a deputy representative to the Storting from Vestfold in 2013.  He was full member of the Storting from 2013 to 2016, when Anders Anundsen served as Minister of Justice.  Holthe was member of the Standing Committee on Finance and Economic Affairs, and eventually the Standing Committee on Scrutiny and Constitutional Affairs.
MythBusters is an Australian–American science entertainment television program, developed by Peter Rees and produced by Australia's Beyond Television Productions. The series premiered on the Discovery Channel on January 23, 2003. It was broadcast internationally by many television networks and other Discovery channels worldwide. The show's original hosts, special effects experts Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman, used elements of the scientific method to test the validity of rumors, myths, movie scenes, adages, Internet videos, and news stories. The show was one of the most popular on Discovery Channel, being preceded only by How It's Made and Daily Planet, both in Canada.
Filmed in San Francisco and edited in Artarmon, New South Wales, MythBusters aired 282 total episodes before its cancellation at the end of the 2016 season in March. Planning and some experimentation took place at Hyneman's workshops in San Francisco; experiments requiring more space or special accommodations were filmed on location, typically around the San Francisco Bay Area and other locations in northern California, going to other states or even countries on occasion when required.
During the second season, members of Savage's and Hyneman's behind-the-scenes team were organized into a second team of MythBusters ("The Build Team"). They generally tested myths separately from the main duo and operated from another workshop. This arrangement continued until August 2014, when it was announced at the end of "Plane Boarding" that Tory Belleci, Kari Byron, and Grant Imahara would be leaving the show. Savage and Hyneman subsequently hosted the final two seasons alone. On October 21, 2015, it was announced that MythBusters would air its 14th and final season in 2016. The show aired its final episode with the original cast on March 6, 2016.
On November 15, 2017, sister network Science Channel revived the series with new hosts Jon Lung and Brian Louden, who were selected via the competition spin-off MythBusters: The Search. The revival was filmed in Santa Clarita and on location in other parts of Southern California, airing for two seasons that lasted until 2018.
MythBusters refers to both the name of the program and the cast members who test the experiments.
Margaret Burke Sheridan (15 October 1889 – 16 April 1958) was an Irish opera singer. Born in Castlebar, County Mayo, Ireland, she was known as Maggie from Mayo and is regarded as Ireland's second prima donna, after Catherine Hayes (1818–1861).
Darvish Soltani (Persian: درويش سلطاني, also Romanized as Darvīsh Solṭānī) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 125, in 30 families.
The Climbers is a lost 1915 silent film produced by the Lubin Manufacturing Company and starring Gladys Hanson. This film is the first filming of Clyde Fitch's 1901 play of the same name. Later versions of Fitch's play were made in 1919 as The Climbers with Corinne Griffith and in 1927 also as The Climbers with Irene Rich.
Sven Gösta Ågren (3 August 1936 – 24 June 2020) was a Finland-Swedish author who won the Finlandia Prize in 1988 for Jär. Gösta Ågren, who wrote his works in Swedish, praised the Gospel of Mark for its literary values and published the collection Timmermannen ('The Carpenter') in reference to it. He was known for his left-wing sympathies, which can be seen in his autobiographical work concerning the rural "proletariat." His brothers Leo and Erik were also writers.He published poems, essays and biographies. Among the literary prizes awarded to him was the Finlandia Prize for Fiction for the poetry collection Jär ('Here') in 1989. In his poems,  Ågren often referred to the region he was born in, Ostrobothnia, on the west coast of Finland. (Books from Finland once had t-shirts printed with a philosophical line from one of his poems: “Don’t worry, it will / never work out.” The shirts were highly popular.)
Holzer is a German surname that could be translated to English as "Wood". Notable people include:
Josef "Sepp" Holzer (born 1942), Austrian farmer, author and agricultural consultant
Dan "Slamfoot" Minor (August 10, 1909 – April 11, 1982) was an American jazz trombonist who featured in the bands of Count Basie, Cab Calloway and many others from the 1920s to the 1940s.
Kate Box is an Australian stage, film and television actress and an Australian gay icon. She is known for her roles as Nicole Vargas in Rake and as Lou Kelly in Wentworth.
Clivina ngayensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Burgeon in 1935.
Justus Henry Nelson (December 22, 1850 – February 6, 1937) established the first Protestant church in the Amazon basin and was a self-supporting Methodist missionary in Belém, Pará, Brazil for 45 years.
The 6th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 6 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Southeast Asia, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
The National Diving and Activity Centre is a large flooded quarry at Tidenham, Gloucestershire, England, near to the border with Wales at Chepstow.  It was formerly Dayhouse Quarry, a source of limestone, which was flooded in 1996.  The diving centre opened in 2003.An inland scuba diving site, it is popular with technical and free divers due to the depths of up to 80 metres (260 ft), with underwater attractions in depths ranging from 6 metres (20 ft) to 76 metres (249 ft).
PADI and IANTD training is provided on site, and many local BSAC and SAA clubs use the site for training. All freediving at the National Diving and Activity Centre is through SaltFree Divers.
SIGNAL is a programming language based on synchronized data-flow (flows + synchronization): a process is a set of equations on elementary flows describing both data and control.The SIGNAL formal model provides the capability to describe systems with several clocks (polychronous systems) as relational specifications. Relations are useful as partial specifications and as specifications of non-deterministic devices (for instance a non-deterministic bus) or external processes (for instance an unsafe car driver).
Using SIGNAL allows one to specify an application, to design an architecture, to refine detailed components down to RTOS or hardware description. The SIGNAL model supports a design methodology which goes from specification to implementation, from abstraction to concretization, from synchrony to asynchrony.
SIGNAL has been mainly developed in INRIAEspresso team since the 1980s, at the same time as similar programming languages, Esterel and Lustre.
World Through Your Eyes is an album of Christian music by Reuben Morgan released in Australia in November 2004 and in the United States in September 2005. The American version differs from the Australian release, with extra tracks and remastered versions of songs from the original release.
The 2019 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Women's Basketball Tournament was the postseason women's basketball tournament for the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference for the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. It was held from March 7–11, 2019 at the Times Union Center in Albany, New York. Top seeded Quinnipiac defeated #3 seed Marist 81–51 for their third straight MAAC Tournament championship.
Antispila argentifera is a moth of the family Heliozelidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1927. It is found in North America, including Ontario.
The larvae feed on birch species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
The 2021 Madrilenian regional election was held on Tuesday, 4 May 2021, to elect the 12th Assembly of the Community of Madrid. All 136 seats in the Assembly were up for election. This marked the first time that a regional premier in Madrid made use of the presidential prerogative to call an early election.
On 10 March 2021 after the unexpected announcement by the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) and Citizens (Cs) of moves to bring down People's Party-led governments in the Region of Murcia, Madrilenian president Isabel Díaz Ayuso broke her alliance with Cs and called a snap election in the Community of Madrid for 4 May, a move which she had unsuccessfully attempted twice in 2020. Despite both the PSOE and Más Madrid preventively filing motions of no confidence in an attempt to thwart Ayuso's move, the next day the Assembly's bureau provisionally acknowledged the parliamentary dissolution, though it announced a complaint against Ayuso's election call. Subsequently, the second deputy prime minister of Spain and Unidas Podemos national leader, Pablo Iglesias, announced he would be stepping down from his national cabinet posts in order to run as his alliance's leading candidate in the regional election.
The election resulted in a landslide victory for Ayuso's PP, which fell four seats short of an overall majority and secured more votes and seats than all three main leftist parties combined, in what was the best performance since 2011. The vote share of both the PSOE and Cs collapsed, with the former being surpassed by Más Madrid and the latter failing to win any seats. In the election aftermath, Iglesias announced his farewell from Spanish politics and his resignation from all of his political and institutional posts. The strong result for the PP, fueled by Ayuso's controversial personality and charisma as well as a general feeling of exhaustion in the region in response to restrictions enforced to curb the COVID-19 pandemic by the Spanish government of Pedro Sánchez, meant that it was not dependent on the far-right Vox's explicit support to form a government, though it still required its confidence-and-supply to pass laws.
Constantine Anthony Michael (born 12 January 1953) is a former Australian cricketer who played three first-class matches for Western Australia. Born in Victoria Park, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia, Michael attended Guildford Grammar School, and represented Western Australia at colts level. He made his first-class debut for Western Australia in a Sheffield Shield match against Victoria during the 1979–80 season. Filling the role of Dennis Lillee, who had been selected for the Australian national team in the Test series against the West Indies, Michael was the third fast bowler in the team, alongside Terry Alderman and Mick Malone, and took 1/14 and 2/20 on debut. He retained his place in the side for the following match against New South Wales, taking 2/39 and 0/54, but was not selected at Sheffield Shield level again.Michael's third and final first-class match came against the touring West Indians in early January 1980, and recorded his best first-class haul opening the bowling with Alderman, dismissing the West Indies' first three batsman in the second innings (Lawrence Rowe, Desmond Haynes, and Larry Gomes) on the way to figures of 3/75. He was also twelfth man in a limited overs match between the two sides played shortly after the first match. At grade cricket level, Michael played for North Perth, and led the competition's bowling aggregates during the 1977–78 season, with 47 wickets.
Zensho Holdings (株式会社ゼンショーホールディングス, Kabushiki-gaisha Zenshō Hōrudingusu) is a Japanese holding company which owns several restaurant chains in Japan. The largest is Sukiya serving gyūdon, rice bowls with beef.
The Los Angeles Stars were a minor league basketball team in the American Basketball Association (ABA) during the league's inaugural 2000–01 season.  The Stars were one of the league's initial eight teams.  The Stars were defunct after its initial season.To attract fans, the ABA had rosters with former National Basketball Association (NBA) players and past college basketball stars with local ties. The Stars used their territorial draft picks to select Ed O'Bannon and Tyus Edney, who won the 1995 NCAA championship together at UCLA. O'Bannon, a former first-round draft pick in the 1995 NBA Draft, would play for the Stars, while Edney played for the Indiana Pacers in the NBA that season. O'Bannon would be joined on the Stars by former UCLA players Toby Bailey, who also played with O'Bannon on the 1995 championship team, and JaRon Rush.The Stars' head coach was former Los Angeles Lakers and Loyola Marymount head coach Paul Westhead, while former UC Irvine star Scott Brooks was an assistant coach as well as a player on the Stars. Former Lakers star Jamaal Wilkes was hired as vice president of basketball operations. His former college coach at UCLA, the legendary John Wooden, agreed to join the Stars as a consultant at Wilkes' request.The team's record was 28–13 in 2000–2001, and their season ended with a 112–132 first-round playoff loss to the Kansas City Knights.
The following is a list of schools of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark.
The Lower East Side, sometimes abbreviated as LES and sometimes referred to as Loisaida, is a neighborhood in the southeastern part of the New York City borough of Manhattan, roughly between the Bowery and the East River from Canal to Houston streets. Traditionally an immigrant, working-class neighborhood, it began rapid gentrification in the mid-2000s, prompting the National Trust for Historic Preservation to place the neighborhood on their list of America's Most Endangered Places.The Lower East Side is part of Manhattan Community District 3, and its primary ZIP Code is 10002. It is patrolled by the 7th Precinct of the New York City Police Department.
This is a list of characters of the 2010-2011 Japanese tokusatsu series Kamen Rider OOO (仮面ライダーオーズ, Kamen Raidā Ōzu).
Dr. Thomas L. Sever is an archaeologist with NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center. Dr. Sever is NASA's only archaeologist  and works primarily with Dan Irwin to decode remote sensing readings. While most of his work has dealt with South American and ancient Mayan civilization, Dr. Sever has also used his skills in meteorology.Remote sensing uses an apparatus that scans the earth with CAMS to detect features not seen by the human eye. While the sensitivity creates hundreds of readings and possibilities, specialists must analyze the data to determine the meanings.Dr. Sever has found that thermal imaging can discover old routes and footpaths now covered by dense vegetation. By interpreting the data, NASA has located hundreds of old and abandoned cities, not previously known to exist.Sever also used remote sensing technology in Costa Rica. A project team of professionals from NASA and the University of Colorado searched in the mountains for ancient footpaths, the oldest known in the New World, buried under six volcanic deposits and obscured from the air by a 150-foot jungle canopy. The difference in moisture level of the soils detected by TIMS led to their discovery. Although they saw no physical evidence of the footpaths on the ground, the team dug trenches to confirm their existence through archaeological investigation. In addition, by following the footpaths and using predictive modeling, the project team located approximately 60 settlements and other sites in areas of the Costa Rican mountains that had been believed to be uninhabited in prehistoric times. He currently teaches at the University of Alabama in Huntsville (UAH).
Meike Uiterwijk Winkel (born 4 December 1999) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist, who last rode for the UCI Women's Team Parkhotel Valkenburg during the 2019 women's road cycling season.
William Duncan McNally (July 8, 1882 – June 29, 1961) was the chief chemist in the Cook County Department of Public Health and the chief chemist for the Cook County Medical Examiner's office. He invented an early breathalyzer in 1927.He was a holder of M.D..
Terence Turner (1935–2015) was an anthropologist. He was professor emeritus of anthropology at the University of Chicago.
Turner did extensive ethnographic and activist work with the Kayapo from central Brazil. He also used an anthropological understanding to address broader regional and global development.
Trainwreck is the second full-length album from Canadian post-hardcore band Boys Night Out. It is a tightly-knit concept album that follows the loss of sanity of one man following the murder of his wife he committed in his sleep. A music video was released for the song "Medicating".
The album marks a stylistic shift for the band, taking influences from progressive rock and most of Connor Lovat-Fraser's vocals being sung rather than screamed.
Ruben Lepcha (born 2 January 1988) is an Indian cricketer. He made his first-class debut on 11 January 2020, for Sikkim in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
The Evansville Purple Aces men's basketball team represents the Purple Aces of the University of Evansville, located in Evansville, Indiana, in NCAA Division I basketball competition. They play their home games at the Ford Center. Evansville's athletics teams were originally known as the Pioneers in the early part of the 1900s. In the 1920s, the name Aces arose after a local sports writer wrote in a game story of the men's basketball team, "They played like Aces." The team has been known as the Aces and/or Purple Aces ever since. Evansville has won five Division II national championships (1959, 1960, 1962, 1964, 1965, 1971).  On November 12, 2019, the Aces earned one of the biggest victories in their Division I history, upsetting top-ranked Kentucky at Rupp Arena.
Raviv Drucker (Hebrew: רביב דרוקר; born September 11, 1970) is an Israeli journalist, political commentator and investigative reporter.
Niklas Stegmann (born July 2, 1987 in Essen) is a German footballer. He made his professional Bundesliga debut on December 17, 2005, when he came on as a substitute in the 83rd minute for MSV Duisburg in a game against 1. FSV Mainz 05.
Maicol Azzolini (Pesaro, 15 October 1995) is an Italian rugby union player.
His usual position is as a Fly-Half and he currently plays for Fiamme Oro in Top12. In 2015–16 Pro12 and 2016–17 Pro12, he named like Additional Player for Zebre in Pro 14. and in 2017–18 Pro14 and 2018–19 Pro14 seasons, he played for Zebre in Pro 14.
From 2013 to 2015 Azzolini was named in the Italy Under 20 squad and from 2016 to 2018, he also was named in the Emerging Italy squad.
Syndianella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
The Institutes of Justinian (Latin: Institutiones Justiniani) is a component of the Corpus Juris Civilis, the sixth-century codification of Roman law ordered by the Byzantine emperor Justinian I. It is largely based upon the Institutes of Gaius, a Roman jurist of the second century A.D.  The other parts of the Corpus Juris Civilis are the Digest, the Codex Justinianus, and the Novellae Constitutiones ("New Constitutions" or "Novels").
Hamidullah Farooqi (born 1954 in Herat, Afghanistan) is an Afghan politician, economist and activist. He has written several research papers and served in higher positions within the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan’s government. Farooqi currently serves as the Chancellor of Kabul University and Advisor Minister to President Mohammad Ashraf Ghani on Higher Education. He previously served as Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation from March 2009 to January 2010 in the cabinet of former President Hamid Karzai.
Karen Rebecca Nordgren (born May 25, 1961) is an American politician who has served in the Alabama House of Representatives from the 29th district since 2010.
Aleth Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Saint-Pierre d'Aleth) was a Roman Catholic church located in Saint-Servan in Saint-Malo, Brittany, France. It was the cathedral of the diocese of Aleth.
Aleth was a Gallo-Roman settlement on a peninsula on one side of the Rance estuary. The diocese was established in the 9th century. The cathedral was destroyed by Norman invaders in the 10th century but later rebuilt.
The site of Aleth however was not a secure one and the town of Saint-Malo had begun to grow up on a far more defensible site on a rocky islet in the estuary. In 1146 the seat of the bishopric of Aleth was moved to Saint-Malo by the then bishop, Jean de Châtillon, and established in the monastery, founded in 1108. The diocese thus became the Diocese of Saint-Malo and the abbey church Saint-Malo Cathedral, replacing the cathedral in Aleth.
Competition with the new town came to a head in 1255, when resentment in Aleth at the tax demands of Saint-Malo resulted in armed conflict. Aleth lost, and the walls, fortress and church were dismantled as punishment. The former cathedral ruins are still to be seen in the commune of Saint-Servan which occupies the area of the former Aleth.
Sheila Abdus-Salaam (née Turner; March 14, 1952 – April 12, 2017) was an American lawyer and judge. In 2013, after having served on the New York City Civil Court, the New York Supreme Court, and the Appellate Division, Abdus-Salaam was nominated to the New York Court of Appeals (New York's highest court) and was unanimously confirmed as an Associate Judge by the New York State Senate. She was the first African-American female judge to serve on the New York Court of Appeals.
Haçatala is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 271.  The municipality consists of the villages of Haçatala and Gican.
Marcus B. Toney (c. 1840 - November 1, 1929) was an American Confederate veteran, Klansman and Masonic leader who worked for the Tennessee Central Railroad. He was the author of The Privations of a Private, a memoir about his service in the Confederate States Army. He was the founding president of the Home for Aged Masons.
Shropshire's Geology is very diverse and most geological periods of time, and most rock types, can be found within the county. There is also a large amount of mineral wealth in the county, including lead, barytes, limestone, coal and iron, which helped the area develop the industrial revolution west of Clee Hill and, later, in the Ironbridge Gorge area. Quarrying is still active, with limestone for cement manufacture and concrete aggregate, sandstone, greywacke and dolerite for road aggregate, and sand and gravel for aggregate and drainage filters. Groundwater is an equally important economic resource.
Upon looking at a geological map of the county, the most obvious feature is the Church Stretton Fault. This runs from far to the South West (Wales, arguably Ireland), entering the county of Shropshire in the south west, near the small town of Clun. It extends north eastwards through the county, dividing the county in two, before coming to an end in the Cheshire Basin, beyond the town of Newport. The fault itself passes almost through Church Stretton, immediately east of the Long Mynd, and also passes close to The Wrekin. Another, extensive fault exists in Shropshire, the Pontesford-Linley Fault, situated near the village of Pontesbury, south west of the county town of Shrewsbury.
The oldest rocks in Shropshire are of Precambrian age and are to be found at Rushton, a mile west of The Wrekin, as schists and gneisses. East of Shrewsbury, on Haughmond Hill, the sedimentary rocks are of somewhat younger Precambrian age, and are being actively quarried for use on roads. The hill itself provides an amazing view across large parts of mid Shropshire.  
The Wrekin is a prominent hill near the town of Telford. The sedimentary rock types are varied around the area, but lava and volcanic ash (tuff) from various volcanic eruptions form this famous landmark. However, The Wrekin itself is not a volcano, and never was. The primary igneous rock on the Wrekin is rhyolite; this has a pinkish colour and is usually banded as it is a slow cooling viscous extrusive rock.  A particularly good outcrop of rhyolite exists as you drive between Wellington and Shrewsbury on the new A5 by-pass. Intrusions of igneous rock have been quarried in the past at nearby Ercall Quarry. Here, the main type of igneous rock that can be found is Granophyre. At Ercall Quarry itself, you can see the contact (boundary) between Precambrian rocks and the younger (Cambrian) sedimentary rocks. In the vicinity these contain fossils from the period associated with "the explosion of life".
Not far from The Wrekin is the famous Ironbridge Gorge, named after the bridge that stands over the River Severn near Madeley. The geological events that took place here hundreds of millions, and then just tens of thousands, of years ago were what made the Industrial Revolution possible: deposition through geological time resulted in close juxtaposition of iron ore, coal and limestone (the basic ingredients for iron smelting), with a river large enough to facilitate transport of the products. The Gorge itself was carved out by meltwater flooding out from beneath a huge ice sheet that had moved here from the north and west, towards the end of the last ice age, some 17,000 years ago.
Much of North Shropshire is a plain which is a basin of Permian and Triassic New Red Sandstone, overlain by Jurassic deposits in a small area near Wem. This basin continues north into Cheshire. Faulting has occurred within the sandstones, because of basin extension during and after the infilling of the basin. Escarpments form small prominent hills within the plain. The basin is bounded on the east by the Hodnet Fault, which runs roughly from Shrewsbury to Market Drayton. East of this fault the sandstone is thinner. In the north west of the county near Oswestry are outcrops of Carboniferous Limestone and the Coal Measures.
The South Shropshire largely fall within the Shropshire Hills AONB. These hills were formed on a continental shelf, but buckled up into hills at the time of a continental collision: the Variscan Orogeny. The most famous of these hills is probably the Long Mynd, which is Precambrian in age and forms the west side of the Stretton Valley. East of Church Stretton is Wenlock Edge, a Silurian limestone escarpment. In between lies a complete succession through the late Precambrian, Cambrian, Ordovician and into the Silurian. Wenlock Edge is the equivalent of the equally famous North American Niagara Escarpment, which comprises Middle Silurian (Clinton Group) to Upper Silurian strata.  These two escarpments were most likely in the same locale prior to the separation of the North American and  European plates at the end of the Mesozoic Era, 60 million years ago.  This is evident by the presence of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.  South West of Church Stretton, and at the westernmost border of England with Wales, is the very rural area of Clun Forest. The rocks here are mainly Silurian in age, and whilst they are, on the whole, weak rocks that are easily eroded, the topography is very varied with an impressive landscape, and the hills were put to good use in Iron Age times with the use of fortresses on the hills across Shropshire, including Clee and Anchor.
Igneous intrusions outcropping at the surface in South Shropshire are few and small, but much larger bodies are believed to exist at shallow depths, evidenced by geophysical anomalies and radon-bearing groundwater. Several sills of dolerite intrude the Clee Hills – Brown Clee, Titterstone Clee and Clee Hill itself. These are some of the highest points in Shropshire, and serve as outcrops for Old Red Sandstone, and also various Coal Measures and limestone. Indeed, Brown Clee is considered to be one of the best exposures of Old Red Sandstone that exists. South Shropshire was on the border of the Old Red Sandstone continent, explaining why it appears so prominently in the Clee area.
The Quaternary geology of Shropshire is equally fascinating, dominated in the Devensian by major glaciers flowing east from Wales and south from the Irish Sea basin, meeting around Shrewsbury and moving south as far as the Stretton Valley. The Wye glacier moved up from the south into the southern part of the county which, together with the meltwater deposits, have combined to create a diverse and complex series of deposits.
The Geological Survey Memoirs provide the most comprehensive details of the local geology but unfortunately not all the county is covered and all are now dated - most were published nearly a century ago. The last traditional memoir was that for Sheet 166 (Church Stretton) published in 1968; the Telford Memoir incorporates the studies undertaken for the new town development, on which it concentrates (published 1995) and the most recent (2001) is for Sheet 165 (Welshpool), which includes a little of the extreme west of the county. Otherwise the most comprehensive description is contained within Peter Toghill's book.Details of local and regional studies are published by the Shropshire Geological Society.
Tiurana is a municipality in the  comarca of Noguera, in the province of Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.
It is home to a late-Gothic parish church, built in 1545. Outside the hamlet is a Romanesque hermitage dedicate to St. Ermengol.
The economy is based on agriculture (wheat, potatoes, alfalfa, and vegetables).
The White River Bridge is a five span Warren deck truss bridge located near Beaver, Carroll County, Arkansas. It carries U.S. Route 62 over the White River for 786.90 feet (239.85 m).  Each span is about 128 feet (39 m) in length, and is mounted on concrete piers or abutments.  The bridge was built in 1950-52 by the Forcum-James Company of Dyersburg, Tennessee.  It was the last of eleven deck-truss bridges built in the state, and is the only one of its type in the county.The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
The women's triple jump event at the 2017 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 3 March 2015 at 12:00 (qualification) and 4 March, 17:50 (final) local time.
Nixa is a city in Christian County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city's population was 23,257. The population was estimated at 22,515 in 2019. It is a principal city, and the second largest city in the Springfield, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Hello London is a 1960 documentary film starring Sonja Henie and Michael Wilding. This was also Oliver Reed's film debut.
Beata Margareta Kristina Söderbaum (5 September 1912 – 12 February 2001) was a Swedish-born German film actress, producer, and photographer. She is most known for her roles in Nazi-era films made by a German state-controlled production company.
Lobelia tenuior, commonly known as slender lobelia, is a small herbaceous plant in the family Campanulaceae native to Western Australia.The erect, slender and annual herb typically grows to a height of 0.15 to 0.5 metres (0.5 to 1.6 ft). It blooms between October and January producing blue flowers.
The species is found on sand dunes, among coastal limestone and in lowlying areas along the coast of the South West and Great Southern regions of Western Australia where it grows in sandy soils.
The following is a list of county roads in Flagler County, Florida.  All county roads are maintained by the county in which they reside, however not all of them are marked with standard MUTCD approved county road shields.
This list only includes routes numbered in the statewide grid, not those numbered internally by the county.
Rakowski (feminine: Rakowska; plural: Rakowscy) is a Polish surname. It is related to various surnames in other languages.
Sandakphu or Sandakpur (3636 m; 11,930 ft) is a mountain peak in the Singalila Ridge on the border between India and Nepal. It is the highest point of the ridge and of the state of West Bengal, India. The peak is located at the edge of the Singalila National Park and has a small village on the summit with a few hotels. Four of the five highest peaks in the world, Everest, Kangchenjunga, Lhotse and Makalu can be seen from its summit. It also affords a pristine view of the entire Kangchenjunga Range.
Marzi was a Pakistani drama serial that first aired on Geo Tv on 14 July 2016. It was produced by Babar Javed and written by Ali Moeen. It was on aired every Thursday at 8pm on Geo Tv. Rabab Hashim and Junaid Khan played the lead in serial.
Saimaa ( SY-mah, Finnish: [ˈsɑi̯mɑː]; Swedish: Saimen) is a lake located in the Finnish Lakeland area in southeastern Finland. At approximately 4,400 square kilometres (1,700 sq mi), it is the largest lake in Finland, and the fourth largest natural freshwater lake in Europe.
The name Saimaa likely comes from a non-Uralic, non-Indo European substrate language.
          
            R
          
          
            k
          
          lim
          
            r
            →
            
              0
              
                +
              
            
          
          
            1
            
              
                |
              
              B
              (
              x
              ,
              r
              )
              
                |
              
            
          
          ∫
          
            B
            (
            x
            ,
            r
            )
          
          |
          |
          d
    {\displaystyle \lim _{r\rightarrow 0^{+}}{\frac {1}{|B(x,r)|}}\int _{B(x,r)}\!|f(y)-f(x)|\,\mathrm {d} y=0.}
          |
          |
   is its Lebesgue measure.  The Lebesgue points of 
   does not oscillate too much, in an average sense.The Lebesgue differentiation theorem states that, given any 
          L
          
            1
          
          
            R
          
          
            k
          
Angelo D'Alessandro (1926–2011) was an Italian screenwriter and film director who worked on feature films and television. He worked as assistant director on Federico Fellini's Variety Lights (1950).
Thripastichus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
Thripastichus gentilei(Del Guerico) was a parasitoid on thrips species like Rhipipothrips cruentatus and gynaikothrips uzelii on grapes
Frantzdy Pierrot (born 29 March 1995) is a Haitian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Ligue 2 side Guingamp and the Haiti national team.
Tipton is a city in and the county seat of Tipton County, Indiana, United States. The population was 5,106 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Kokomo, Indiana, Metropolitan Statistical Area. It was named after John Tipton, a politician.
Barabinsk (Russian: Бара́бинск) is a town in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, located in the Baraba steppe on the Trans-Siberian Railway between Omsk and Novosibirsk. Population: 30,394 (2010 Census); 32,501 (2002 Census); 36,501 (1989 Census).
177 (one hundred [and] seventy-seven) is the natural number following 176 and preceding 178.
Karakoçaş is a village in the Şabanözü district of Çankırı Province in Turkey.
Animal World was an American television wildlife documentary series hosted by Bill Burrud and airing between 1968 and 1971. Originally airing on NBC as a summer replacement, it moved to CBS, then ABC before going into syndication. Debuting on 16 June 1968, under the name Animal Kingdom, it was renamed Animal World beginning with the 11 August 1968 broadcast.
Rolland Henry "Ronnie" Randell (15 March 1886 – 22 October 1978) was a South African first-class cricketer and lawyer.
Ronnie Randell played first-class cricket for Border from 1907 to 1925, usually as a batsman, but sometimes as a wicket-keeper. His highest score was 71 for Border against the touring MCC in 1913-14, when he shared in an opening partnership of 114 before he was first out.He spent his whole life in King William's Town. Born there, he was educated there at Dale College, and later practised there as a lawyer for more than 60 years.
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. The Cowboys compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the league's National Football Conference (NFC) East division. The team is headquartered in Frisco, Texas, and plays its home games at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, which opened for the 2009 season. The stadium took its current name prior to the 2013 season. In January 2020 it was announced that Mike McCarthy had been hired as head coach of the Cowboys. He is the ninth in the team’s history. McCarthy follows Jason Garrett, who coached the team from 2010–2019.The Cowboys joined the NFL as an expansion team in 1960. The team's national following might best be represented by its NFL record of consecutive sell-outs. The Cowboys' streak of 190 consecutive sold-out regular and post-season games (home and away) began in 2002. The franchise has made it to the Super Bowl eight times, tied with the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Denver Broncos for second most Super Bowl appearances in history, behind only the New England Patriots' record eleven Super Bowl appearances. This has also corresponded to eight NFC championships, most in the NFC. The Cowboys have won five of those Super Bowl appearances, tying them with their NFC rivals, the San Francisco 49ers; both are third to Pittsburgh's and New England's record six Super Bowl championships. The Cowboys are the only NFL team to record 20 straight winning seasons (1966–85), in which they missed the playoffs only twice (1974 and 1984).
In 2015, the Dallas Cowboys became the first sports team to be valued at $4 billion, making it the most valuable sports team in the world, according to Forbes. The Cowboys also generated $620 million in revenue in 2014, a record for a U.S. sports team. In 2018 they also became the first NFL franchise to be valued at $5 billion and making Forbes' list as the most valued NFL team for the 12th straight year.
Pristoceuthophilus celatus is a species of camel cricket in the family Rhaphidophoridae. It is found in North America.
Muayan Halaili (Hebrew: מועין ח'ילאילי, sometimes written as Hebrew: מועיין חליאלה; born 3 August 1991) is an Israeli professional association football player.
Félix François Faure (French pronunciation: ​[feliks fʁɑ̃swa fɔʁ]; 30 January 1841 – 16 February 1899) was a French politician who served as President of France from 1895 until his death in 1899. A native of Paris, he worked as a tanner in his younger years. Faure became a member of the Chamber of Deputies for Seine-Inférieure in 1881. He rose to prominence in national politics up until unexpectedly assuming the presidency, during which time France's relations with Russia improved. Writer Émile Zola's famous J'Accuse…! open letter was written to Faure in L'Aurore in 1898 in the course of the Dreyfus affair. Faure's state funeral at Notre-Dame Cathedral on 23 February 1899 was the scene of an attempted coup d'état led by French nationalist poet Paul Déroulède, who was later exiled to Spain.
Charaxes (Polyura) gamma  is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It was described by Percy Ireland Lathy in 1898. It is endemic to New Caledonia.
remastersys is a free and open-source program for Debian, Ubuntu-based, Linux Mint or derivative software systems that can:
Create a customized Live CD/Live USB (a remaster) of Debian and its derivatives.
Back up an entire system, including user data, to an installable Live CD/DVD.As of April 28, 2013, the originator's direct development has ceased.
After this project development ceased by the originator - Fragadelic, a group of developers who are members of Copper Linux User Group in Arizona, began Respin. This development (project "fork") was in transition to new supporters. The original code was received by the originator and the team members discussed the fork with him. This fork released a working version late July 2015. In early October 2015, the Debian Principal Developer, reverted to maintaining Remastersys, but kept Linux Respin open as a project for future features and development. Both the Ubuntu developer/maintainer, Sergio Mejia, and the Debian developer/maintainer, Marcia "aicra" Wilbur, keep respin available on gitlab and launchpad respectively.
Wesley Maley (5 July 1857 – 7 May 1926) was an Australian politician who served as a member of the Legislative Council of Western Australia from 1900 to 1909, representing South-East Province.
Maley was born in Adelaide, South Australia, and attended North Adelaide Grammar School and Prince Alfred College. He moved to Western Australia in 1882, living first in Fremantle and then in Albany, and in 1883 was elected to the Albany Municipal Council. He later served as chairman of the Katanning Road Board. After 1889, Maley divided his time between Perth, where he was a sharebroker, and his farm at Moojebing (in the Great Southern). He first ran for parliament at the 1894 general election, contesting the Legislative Assembly, but was defeated by Frederick Henry Piesse in the seat of Williams.In 1900, Maley was elected to the Legislative Council, defeating Frederick Crowder in South-East Province. He was re-elected to a second six-year term in 1906, but resigned his seat in September 1909 in order to contest the 1909 Albany by-election. Running as a Ministerialist (a supporter of the government of Newton Moore), Maley was defeated by the Labor Party's candidate, William Price. After leaving parliament, he eventually retired to Perth, dying there in May 1926 (aged 68). Maley had married Caroline Bellingham in 1879, with whom he had three sons and two daughters. His brother-in-law, George Bellingham, was also a member of parliament.
Canadian singer and songwriter Grimes has released five studio albums, one remix album, one DJ mix, three extended plays (EPs), thirteen singles (including five as a featured artist), four promotional singles and twenty-one music videos. Born and raised in Vancouver, Grimes began recording experimental music while attending McGill University in Montréal, where she became involved with the underground music scene.
Grimes named herself after grime music after discovering the existence of the genre via Myspace. In January 2010, she released her debut album, Geidi Primes on Arbutus Records, followed by Halfaxa, in September of that year. In late 2011, she announced that she had signed with 4AD, who partnered with Arbutus Records to release her third studio album, Visions, in January 2012. Visions met critical acclaim and was hailed by The New York Times as "one of the most impressive albums of the year so far". Her fourth album, 2015's Art Angels, was her first to chart in top 40 in a number of countries.
Grimes' music has been noted by critics and journalists for its atypical combination of vocal elements, as well as a wide array of influences, ranging from electronica to pop, hip hop, R&B, noise rock, and even medieval music.
In 2013, Grimes was awarded the Webby Award for Artist of the Year and a Juno Award for Electronic Album of the year.As of March 2021, Grimes's albums have earned 736,000 consumption units, of which 307,000 are album sales and 554 million on-demand song streams in the United States, according to MRC Data.
Highway 662 is a highway in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It runs from Highway 49 near Stenen to Highway 753. Highway 662 is about 18 km (11 mi.) long.
Gottfried Wilhelm Johannes Mildbraed (19 December 1879 – 24 December 1954) was a German botanist that specialized in mosses, ferns, and various spermatophytes. He is well known for authoring the most current monograph and taxonomic treatment of the family Stylidiaceae in 1908 as part of the unfinished Das Pflanzenreich series. The genus Mildbraediodendron was named in honor of him.
Jonkheer Willem van Haren (21 February 1710 – 4 July 1768) was a Dutch nobleman and poet.Van Haren was born in Leeuwarden.  His best-known work was an epic poem, Friso, created in 1741. His brother, jhr. Onno Zwier van Haren, was also a poet and wrote patriotic verses. Willem van Haren died in Sint-Oedenrode.
The 2014 Sundance Film Festival took place from January 16, 2014 until January 26, 2014 in Park City, Utah, United States, with screenings in Salt Lake City, Ogden, and Sundance Resort in Utah. The festival opened with Whiplash directed by Damien Chazelle and closed with musical drama Rudderless directed by William H. Macy.The festival honored late Roger Ebert and premiered Life Itself by Steve James, a biographical documentary film based on Ebert's 2011 memoir titled as Life Itself: A Memoir on 19 January 2014. The festival introduced a new film category titled Sundance Kids, which will help to introduce independent films to a younger generation of audiences. It is also a first category at the festival dedicated to children's films. The festival also hosted several events and discussion panels around themes of success through failure titled Free Fail, which included the screening of Bottle Rocket turned down by the Sundance Film Festival in 1996 and later become independently successful. The festival had more than 700 sponsors and 1,830 volunteers.
Arbeiter Fragen (Worker's Issues; initially published under the title of Najste Arbeiter-Fragen - New Worker's Issues) was a monthly journal of the Jewish Bundist (socialist) trade unions active in Poland in the 1920s and 1930s. It was published in Yiddish language, with some articles printed in Polish and Latinized Yiddish. Between 1930 and 1936 its lead editor was Szmul Zygielbojm.
The Karok hesperion also known as the Karok Indian snail, scientific name Vespericola karokorum, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae. This species is endemic to the United States.
Health ecology (sometimes called Eco Health) is an emerging field of study researching how changes in the earth's ecosystems affect human health. Health ecology examines changes in the biological, physical, social and economic environments and relates these changes to human health. Examples of these changes and their effects abound. Common examples include increases in asthma rates due to air pollution, PCB contamination of game fish in the Great Lakes of the United States, and habitat fragmentation leading to increasing rates of Lyme disease.
Heilige-Drievuldigheidscollege or the "Holy Trinity College Preparatory School" is a school in the city of Leuven in the Flemish Brabant province of Belgium.
The Holy-Trinity College is a Catholic school established by the Josephites of Belgium in the heart of Leuven. The school has a primary school and a secondary school.  The basic options available to students are modern sciences, Latin and Latin-Greek.  In the second and third grade there is an almost complete range of studies in general secondary education.
Lorenzo Independent School District is a public school district based in Lorenzo, Texas (USA).
Located in Crosby County, a small portion of the district extends into Lubbock County.
Lorenzo Elementary School (Grades PK-6)In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Anyang East railway station (Chinese: 安阳东站) is a railway station on the Beijing–Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong high-speed railway that is located in Anyang, Henan, China. It opened with the Beijing–Zhengzhou section of the railway on 26 December 2012.
The 2016–17 Macedonian Handball Super League (known as the VIP Super Liga for sponsorship reasons) was the 25th season of the Super League, Macedonia's premier Handball league.
Erwin Koen (born 7 September 1978) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a striker. Most of his career he played in the 2. Bundesliga.
CGI.pm is a large and once widely used Perl module for programming Common Gateway Interface (CGI) web applications, providing a consistent API for receiving and processing user input. There are also functions for producing HTML or XHTML output, but these are now unmaintained and are to be avoided. CGI.pm was a core Perl module but has been removed as of v5.22 of Perl. The module was written by Lincoln Stein and is now maintained by Lee Johnson.
The Raigam Tele'es Best Television Quiz Program Award is presented annually in Sri Lanka by the Kingdom of Raigam associated with many commercial brands for the best Sri Lankan television quiz program of the year in television screen.The award was first given in 2005. Following is a list of the winners of this prestigious title since then.
Benjamin Michael Woodside (born July 1, 1985) is an American former professional basketball player who spent the majority of his eight-year career playing in Europe.
John S. Davies (born June 29, 1953) is an American actor, director, and teacher of college level actors.
Louis Ford (born 1845 in West Bromwich) was a businessman, football administrator and football referee.
Ford joined the committee of West Bromwich Albion in the late 1880s, serving as honorary financial secretary from 1887 to 1890. He performed the role of general secretary (manager) from 1890 to 1892, receiving an annual salary of £50 as Albion's first official, paid secretary. Ford also served as an FA councillor from 1890 to 1893 and was vice-president of The Football League from 1894 to 1897. He was the secretary of Walsall F.C. during the late 1890s, before becoming a league referee. From 1914 to 1915 he served as secretary at Leicester Fosse.
He Gajavadan is a song written in Marathi concept and music by Salil Kulkarni made on Lord Ganesh. This song is sung by 90 artists in Marathi industry.
Mahmut Bakalli (19 January 1936 – 14 April 2006) was a Kosovar Albanian politician.
Bakalli began his political career in the youth organization of the League of Communists of Kosovo, eventually becoming its leader in 1961. In 1967, he became head of the party's Prishtina chapter.  As he rose through the ranks, he was elected to the Central Committee of the party's Serbian chapter, and to the Presidium of the League of Communists of Yugoslavia's Central Committee.
Bakalli led the Communist Party in Kosovo during the late 1970s and early 1980s, but resigned after disagreeing with the way the 1981 protests by ethnic Albanian students were handled by Kosovo's own police, headed by Rahman Morina. Bakalli then spent two years under house arrest, before being expelled from the party. He was after that allowed to work in the province's Science Association until retirement, but was forced out when Slobodan Milošević increased Serbian control over Kosovo in the late 1980s.
He was a member of the Assembly of Kosovo from 2001. He also worked as an adviser to prime minister Agim Çeku. He graduated from the University of Belgrade's Faculty of Political Science.
In 2002, Bakalli was the first witness to testify at The Hague International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia at the trial of Slobodan Milošević.
He died of throat cancer at the age of 70. He had a wife and three daughters.
Pierre Joseph Louis Fatou (28 February 1878 – 9 August 1929) was a French mathematician and astronomer. He is known for major contributions to several branches of analysis. The Fatou lemma and the Fatou set are named after him.
Kheyl Gavan (Persian: خيلگاوان, also Romanized as Kheyl Gāvān) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 8 families.
This is the list of governors of the Brazilian state of Tocantins.
Chauncey Rivers (born June 12, 1997) is an American football outside linebacker for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL).
Garudinia pseudosimulana is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by Jagbir Singh Kirti and Navneet Singh Gill in 2008. It is found in Karnataka, India.
The Manis Mastodon site is a 2-acre (1 ha) archaeological site on the Olympic Peninsula near Sequim, Washington, United States, discovered in 1977. During the 1977-78 excavation, the remains of an American mastodon were recovered with a 13,800-year-old projectile point made of the bone from a different mastodon embedded in its rib. The site was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Roelof Diodati (Dordrecht, 28 July 1658 – Batavia, 10 March 1723) was a governor of Dutch Mauritius in the late 17th century.
Otto Kandler (23 October 1920 in Deggendorf – 29 August 2017 in Munich, Bavaria) 
was a German botanist and microbiologist. Until his retirement in 1986 he was professor of botany at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich.
His most important research topics were photosynthesis, plant carbohydrate metabolism, analysis of the structure of bacterial cell walls (murein/peptidoglycan), the systematics of Lactobacillus, and the chemotaxonomy of plants and microorganisms.
He presented the first experimental evidence for the existence of photophosphorylation in vivo. His discovery of the basic differences between the cell walls of bacteria and archaea (up to 1990 called "archaebacteria") convinced him that archaea represent an autonomous group of organisms distinct from bacteria. This was the basis for his cooperation with Carl Woese and made him the founder of research on the Archaea in Germany. In 1990, together with Woese, he proposed the three domains of life: Bacteria, Archaea, Eucarya.
Alexander Mattheus Michel (born August 10, 1970) is an American businessman, producer, and television personality. He was The Bachelor during its premiere season on ABC in 2002.
Laura Marie Bennett (née Reback, born 25 April 1975, in North Palm Beach, Florida) is an American professional triathlete. She placed fourth in the women's triathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics. In 2012, she finished 17th at the London Olympic Games. She earned a silver medal at the World Triathlon Championships in 2003 and bronze medals in 2004, 2005, and 2007. She has also raced at the Half-Ironman distance, placing 5th at the 2009 Ironman 70.3 World Championship.
The USASA Region III National Cup took place between April 27 and April 29, 2012, and acted as a qualifying tournament for the 2012 U.S. Open Cup with each group winner securing a place in the Open Cup. The tournament took place at the Houston Amateur Sports Park in Houston, Texas.
Burunday is a village in the Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.
Devario horai is a freshwater fish first described from hill streams in the Namdapha National Park in India.
Afella Ighir is a small town and rural commune in Tiznit Province of the Souss-Massa-Drâa region of Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 4205 people living in 1084 households.
Brigadier Arthur Edward Cumming VC OBE MC (18 June 1896 – 10 April 1971) was a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
He was born in Karachi, British India of Scottish parentage and attended Karachi Grammar School.
Cumming was 45 years old, and a lieutenant colonel commanding the 2/12th Frontier Force Regiment, in the Indian Army during World War II. Lt. Col Cumming and his battalion were defending an airfield during the Battle of Malaya when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the VC (currently displayed at the National Army Museum).On 3 January 1942 near Kuantan, Malaya, the Japanese made a furious attack on the battalion and a strong enemy force penetrated the position. Lieutenant Colonel Cumming, with a small party of men, immediately led a counter-attack and although all his men became casualties and he, himself, had two bayonet wounds in the stomach he managed to restore the situation sufficiently for the major portion of the battalion and its vehicles to be withdrawn. Later he drove in a carrier, under very heavy fire, collecting isolated detachments of his men and was again wounded. His gallant actions helped the brigade to withdraw safely.Cumming was one of a small number of officers and men who were ordered to be evacuated from Singapore before the island was surrendered on 15 February 1942. Cumming commanded a battalion of the 9th Jat Regiment before his promotion to brigadier and command of the 63rd Indian Brigade during the Burma campaign. From 1944 to his retirement in 1947 Brigadier Cumming was in command of the Dehra Dun District in India.His VC is on display at the National Army Museum, Chelsea.
Joseph Ellis Jr. (1697-1783) represented Dedham, Massachusetts in the Great and General Court.He was born in 1697 to Joseph Ellis in Dedham and died there in 1783. He served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1741, 1751, 1758, and 1759. He was a deacon of the First Church and Parish in Dedham from 1735-1783. In 1742 and 1743 he was a selectman, and from 1743 to 1753 he was the town treasurer.He married Judith Lewis in 1714, Susanna Smith in 1747, and Mercy (Tufts) Bradshaw in 1756. He had at least four children. He had a large deal of property at his death.
The Gascon campaign of 1294 to 1303 was a military conflict between English and French forces over the Duchy of Aquitaine, including the Duchy of Gascony. The Duchy of Aquitaine was held in fief by King Edward I of England as a vassal of King Philip IV of France. Starting with a fishing fleet dispute and then naval warfare, the conflict escalated to open warfare between the two countries. In spite of a French military victory on the ground, the war ended when the Treaty of Paris was signed in 1303, which restored the status quo. The war was a premise to future tensions between the two nations culminating in the Hundred Years' War.
Johanna "Hanneke" Jagersma (Dutch pronunciation: [joːˈɦɑnaː ˈɦɑnəkə ˈjaːɣərsmaː]; born 1 November 1951) is a Dutch former politician. She was member of the Communist Party of the Netherlands from 1974 to 1989 and mayor of Beerta from 1982 to 1990. She now works for Humanitas, a Dutch care organisation.
That Was the Week That Was, informally TWTWTW or TW3, was a satirical television comedy programme on BBC Television in 1962 and 1963. It was devised, produced, and directed by Ned Sherrin and presented by David Frost.
The programme is considered a significant element of the satire boom in the UK in the early 1960s, as it broke ground in comedy by lampooning political figures. Its broadcast coincided with coverage of the politically charged Profumo affair, and John Profumo became a figure of derision. TW3 was broadcast from Saturday, 24 November 1962 through late December 1963. An American version under the same title aired on NBC from 1964 to 1965, also featuring Frost.
Maksym Olehovych Ahapov (Ukrainian: Максим Олегович Агапов; born 28 February 2000) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Ukrainian club Kramatorsk.
James Joseph Frawley (September 29, 1936 – January 22, 2019) was an American director and actor. He was a member of the Actors Studio since around 1961. He was best known for directing The Muppet Movie (1979) and The Monkees television series.
The Niagara Reporter is a conservative weekly newspaper hosted in Niagara Falls, New York. It was founded on June 28, 2000 by journalist Mike Hudson. The newspaper is currently owned by Frank R. Parlato, Jr., who additionally serves as one of the newspaper's contributors. The paper has investigative stories which focus on alleged public corruption, politics, and local news.The Niagara Reporter has also begun accepting classified ads and serves as one of the largest news publications in Niagara County.
The Irish Blue Cross is an animal welfare charity formed in Ireland in 1945 by incorporating the welfare charity "Our Dumb Friends' League" into a new small animal and equine welfare organisation. The charity provides low-cost veterinary services to people on a low income in the greater Dublin area.
Sir William Henry Coates (31 May 1882 – 7 February 1963) was a British civil servant and businessman who worked principally for Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI).
Bunnpris is a Norwegian retail chain with 216 grocery stores in 2011 in Norway, primarily in Sør-Trøndelag, Møre og Romsdal and Oslo, but also many in Northern Norway. The stores are managed by I. K. Lykke run by the fifth generation Lykke.
Alexandro-Nevsky District (Russian: Алекса́ндро-Не́вский райо́н) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the 25 in Ryazan Oblast, Russia. It is located in the south of the oblast.  The area of the district is 833 square kilometers (322 sq mi). Its administrative center is the urban locality (a work settlement) of Alexandro-Nevsky. Population: 11,818 (2010 Census);  13,071 (2002 Census); 13,547 (1989 Census). The population of the administrative center accounts for 34.0% of the district's total population.
Belkis Leal (born 21 May 1940) is a Venezuelan fencer. She competed in the women's individual and team foil events at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Per Sanderud (born 1 November 1953) is a Norwegian civil servant.
He was born in Oslo, and is a cand.oecon. by education. He served as deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Agriculture from 1989 to 1993, and in the Ministry of Transport and Communications from 1993 to 1997. He then served as permanent under-secretary of state in the same ministry from 1997 to 2005, and in the Ministry of Trade and Industry from 2005 to 2007. In 2007 he was appointed as president of the European Free Trade Association Surveillance Authority. In 2011 he was appointed director of the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate, retiring in 2018.
Djurgårdens IF was promoted from Superettan and finished second. This was the beginning of a new era.
Gerrit Schipper (baptized 13 September 1775, Amsterdam – c. 1832 London) was a Dutch painter specializing in pastel portraiture and miniature portrait paintings. After studying in Paris in the 1790s, he spent time in Brussels and Russia. He is believed to have arrived in the United States in 1802. He was active in New York, Charleston, Savannah, and several cities in Massachusetts. In about 1807 he moved to Canada and spent time in Quebec City and Montreal, where he produced many portraits of notable local people.  He moved to England in 1810.
Tomichi Creek is a 71.8-mile-long (115.6 km) tributary of the Gunnison River in Gunnison County, Colorado. Tomichi Creek originates north and west of Monarch Pass and flows to the southwest along the base of Monarch Mountain. Congress Creek drains into Tomichi west of Old Monarch Pass where it flows south toward Sargents. Agate Creek flows into Tomichi just north of Sargents where Marshall Creek flows from Marshall Pass. Just below Sargents, Long Branch Creek, flowing out of Baldy Lake from the south, enters Tomichi Creek which takes a westward course where Needle Creek Reservoir drains into Tomichi east of Doyleville. Hot Springs Reservoir drains down Wanita Canyon flowing into Tomichi Creek just west of Doyleville. The Tomichi Valley is a semi-wide valley allowing Tomichi Creek to meander and split into several waterways creating an excellent livestock range and being largely private ranch lands. At Parlin, Quartz Creek flows from Pitkin and Ohio into Tomichi Creek. Tomichi continues its westward journey, slightly northwest, where the Cochetopa Creek drains into Tomichi at State Highway 114 from the south at the intersection of U.S. Highway 50 and continues west to Gunnison where it enters the Gunnison River. A map can be viewed at the BLM Colorado website here.
Phalonidia albertae is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Alberta and Maryland.Adults have been recorded on wing from April to September.
Maurice Langlois (31 January 1860 – 10 June 1948) was a French philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1923.
Darlin' was a French rock band formed in 1992 by Laurent Brancowitz, Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo. Their name was taken from the Beach Boys song of the same name.
The 1949 Los Angeles Rams season was the team's 12th year with the National Football League and the fourth in Los Angeles. The Rams were 8–2–2 and won the Western Division title, then lost to the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Championship Game.
Daldali is a village and a gram panchayat in the Hura CD block in the Purulia Sadar subdivision of the Purulia district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Minuphloeus mixtus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Minuphloeus.
Christine Lambrecht (born 19 June 1965) is a German lawyer and politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) who has been serving as the Federal Minister of Defence in the government of Chancellor Olaf Scholz since 2021. 
In the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel, Lambrecht previously served as Minister of Justice and Consumer Protection (2019–2021), Minister for Family Affairs (2021) and as one of two Parliamentary State Secretaries at the Federal Ministry of Finance (2018– 2019). Prior to that, she held various roles within the SPD parliamentary group, including as a deputy leader and Chief Whip.
Coonamble Shire is a local government area in the Orana region of New South Wales, Australia. The Shire is located adjacent to the Castlereagh Highway and the Castlereagh River.
The Mayor of Coonamble Shire Council is Cr. Michael Webb, who is unaligned with any political party.
Stefanie R. Minatee (born April 14, 1957) is an American singer-songwriter, recording artist, minister, and the founder and director of the Rev. Stef and Jubilation choir.
Turbot (Turbot HQ, Inc) is a privately held software company headquartered in the United States. Turbot provides automated cloud governance controls for enterprise cloud applications and infrastructure.
Jeremiah Freed is a rock band from York, Maine. The band's style combines elements of the alternative and southern rock genres.
Marc Thomas (born 15 July 1990) is a Welsh rugby union player. A prop forward, he plays club rugby for Worcester Warriors.
Thomas previously played for Bridgend RFC and the Ospreys. On 4 May 2016, Thomas joined RFU Championship club Jersey Reds from the 2016–17 season. However, on 3 February 2017, Thomas left the club with immediate effect to join Welsh region Cardiff Blues back in the Pro12.On 24 July 2017, Thomas returned to the English Championship with Yorkshire Carnegie prior to the 2017–18 season.He joined rival Championship club Doncaster Knights ahead of the 2019–20 season. Thomas joined Harlequins on a short-term deal for the end of the 2020 and subsequently at the end of that deal, signed with Worcester Warriors for the start of the 2020–21 season.
Route 245 is a short north/south highway on the south shore of the Saint Lawrence River in the Estrie region of Quebec. It links Eastman at the junction of Route 112 and the hamlet of South Bolton, in Bolton-Est, at the junction of Route 243. It is known as Rue Lapointe ("Lapointe Street") in Eastman, becoming Route Missisquoi ("Missisquoi Road") as it crosses over in Bolton-Est.
The Battle of Sambat (Filipino: Labanan sa Sambat, Spanish: Batalla de Sambat)  was the culminating battle of the first revolts of the Katipunan in Laguna. The battle was the final major action for the Katipunan chapter of "Maluningning" ending in the defeat of the rebels and martial law in Laguna province.
"Moonshine Whiskey" is a song written by singer-songwriter Van Morrison and is the concluding track of his 1971 album Tupelo Honey.
It was a popular tune with Morrison in the 1970s and he regularly performed it in concert.  Brian Hinton writes that Morrison later admitted that he had written this song "for Janis Joplin or something" but Hinton goes on to say "though it is not autobiographical in the same way as Leonard Cohen's 'Chelsea Hotel Number Two'".In Tupelo Honey's Rolling Stone review Jon Landau says the song "is a joyful statement about the existence and continuation of love and the stability it offers."The song contains references to trains, railroads and the countryside, themes that Morrison has returned to throughout his career, as well as subjects country blues artists Jimmie Rodgers and Hank Williams often used.In 2017 "Moonshine Whiskey" came at number three in The Telegraph's "The 30 best songs about whiskey".
In molecular biology, Small Nucleolar RNA SNORD94 (also known as U94) is a non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule which functions in the biogenesis (modification) of other small nuclear RNAs (snRNAs). This type of modifying RNA is located in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell which is a major site of snRNA biogenesis. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) and also often referred to as a guide RNA.
SNOR94 is a member of the C/D box class of snoRNAs which contain the conserved sequence motifs known as the C box (UGAUGA) and the D box (CUGA). Most of the members of the box C/D family function in directing site-specific 2'-O-methylation of substrate RNAs. SNORD94 is predicted to guide the 2'O-ribose methylation of C62 of the snRNA U6.
Kita-Ōmagari Station (北大曲駅, Kita-Ōmagari-eki) is a railway station located in the city of  Daisen, Akita Prefecture, Japan, operated by  JR East.
The 2012 Norwegian Football Cup Final was the 107th final of the Norwegian Football Cup. The final was contested by Hødd and Tromsø and took place on 25 November 2012 at Ullevaal Stadion in Oslo, in front of a crowd of 24,217. This was Tromsø's third final, and they had won the two previous finals in 1986 and 1996, while the Norwegian First Division side Hødd played their first final ever.
Hødd, who entered the final as underdogs, won the final after penalties and became the first second-tier side to win the Norwegian Cup in 15 years, since Vålerenga won in 1997. As the winner of the Norwegian Cup, Hødd earned a place in the second qualifying round of the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League.
Kjellaug Nakkim (born 2 August 1940, in Skiptvet) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.She was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Østfold in 1989, and was re-elected on two occasions. She had previously served in the position of deputy representative during the term 1985–1989.Nakkim was a member of Moss city council from 1975 to 1987. From 2006 to 2009, Kjellaug Nakkim, served as chair of the Broadcasting Council in Norway. She had previously been deputy chair.She is mother of the journalist Kyrre Nakkim.
The Distillery District is a commercial and residential district in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Located east of downtown, it contains numerous cafés, restaurants, and shops housed within heritage buildings of the former Gooderham and Worts Distillery. The 13 acres (5.3 ha) district comprises more than forty heritage buildings and ten streets, and is the largest collection of Victorian-era industrial architecture in North America.
The district was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1988.
Bob McDonogh  (March 5, 1900, San Francisco, California – December 10, 1945, Columbus, Ohio) was an American racecar driver. McDonogh made 38 starts in AAA Championship racing from 1924 through 1932. Most of McDonogh's career was during the board track era. Outside of Indianapolis, he only made two starts on tracks that weren't board tracks, both at Syracuse. McDonogh won three races on board tracks during the 1925 AAA Championship season, at (Culver City; Altoona and Laurel, Maryland). He finished the 1925 season ranked 4th in points. McDonogh did stunt work for movies and later worked as an airplane mechanic.
Chonemorpha fragrans, the frangipani vine or climbing frangipani, is a plant species in the genus Chonemorpha. It is a vigorous, generally evergreen, climbing shrub producing stems 30 m (98 ft) or more long that can climb to the tops of the tallest trees in the forests of Southeast Asia. It has scented, white flowers and large shiny leaves. and it is native to China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Sri Lanka and Thailand. It is very commonly used in Ayurveda (an Indian root medicine) and it is also cultivated mostly worldwide in frost-free places.
Horn Hill is a town in Covington County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 207. It had previously been an incorporated community and was listed on the 1970 and 1980 U.S. Census, but was disincorporated in 1985. It later reincorporated on August 26, 1991.
Le Bonheur ("Happiness") is a 1965 French drama film directed by Agnès Varda. The film is associated with the French New Wave and won two awards at the 15th Berlin International Film Festival, including the Jury Grand Prix.
Pont Des Mouton (bridge of the Moutons) is an unincorporated community in Lafayette Parish, Louisiana, United States.
The community, bridge, and access road are named after Jean and Marin Mouton, two local landowners who settled the area during the 1770s. The community is located near the intersection of East Pont Des Mouton Road and Louisiana Avenue near I-10 . The road leads to Mouton.
Lusks Mills is an unincorporated community in Sugar Creek Township, Parke County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The Paleochristian Church (Albanian: Rrënojat e Kishës Paleokristian) is a ruined church in Lin, Korçë County, Albania. Mosaics from the 4th-5th century have been discovered during excavations. It is a Cultural Monument of Albania.
Dirk de Vrije (1620, Gouda – 1681, Gouda), was a Dutch Golden Age glass painter.
Electra , designated 17 Tauri, is a blue-white giant star in the constellation of Taurus. It is the third-brightest star in the Pleiades open star cluster (M45); the most visible stars in this group are named for the Seven Sisters of Greek mythology.
Fevillea cordifolia, also known as javillo and antidote caccoon, is a climbing vine of up to 20 m of the family Cucurbitaceae and occurring in South and Central America in Bolivia, Brasil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru and Venezuela.This dioecious species produces a globose, green fruit some 12 cm in diameter, dehiscing along a line about 2 cm from its base. Its leaves are 8-16 by 5.5–12 cm, entire, ovate-triangular or with 3-5 lobes, with axillary tendrils. Lax panicles are 10–15 cm long. Flowers with campanulate calyx, 5-lobed. Corolla with 5 lobes, yellow, orange or pink. The flowers with 5 stamens which are free, and with recurved filaments. The pistillate flowers produce a globose ovary with 3 carpels, and 3 styles more or less united. Seeds are numerous, orbicular or elliptical, and compressed.Seeds, which contain the glucoside fevicordin, produce a fat with buttery texture, investigated in the 1980s as an internal combustion engine fuel by ethnobotanist James A. Duke. In Costa Rica and Honduras the indigenous people use the seeds as a laxative and for treating ailments such as parasites, fever and stomach cramps, septicemia in farmyard animals, and diarrhea.
Walter von Trauchburg was abbot of the abbey of Saint Gall from 1239 until 1244. He is descended from an Allgäu noble family. His mother was a born as a von Güttingen.
Tovex (also known as Trenchrite, Seismogel, and Seismopac) is a water-gel explosive composed of ammonium nitrate and methylammonium nitrate that has several advantages over traditional dynamite, including lower toxicity and safer manufacture, transport, and storage. It has thus almost entirely replaced dynamite.
There are numerous versions ranging from shearing charges to aluminized common blasting agents. Tovex is used by 80% of international oil companies for seismic exploration.
The 1972 CONCACAF Champions' Cup was the 8th edition of the annual international club football competition held in the CONCACAF region (North America, Central America and the Caribbean), the CONCACAF Champions' Cup. It determined that year's club champion of association football in the CONCACAF region and was played from 29 October 1971 till 31 January 1972 under the home/away match system.
The tournament was split into 2 zones (North, Central American and Caribbean), each one qualifying the winner to the final tournament. CD Olimpia from Honduras won the final, and became for the first time in its history CONCACAF champion.
Tarwa N-Tiniri are a six-piece band from Ouarzazate in Morocco. Formed in 2012, they have released one album Azizdeg in 2019 and toured Norway and France.
Kiselev (Russian: Киселев) is a rural locality (a khutor) in Volokonovsky District, Belgorod Oblast, Russia. The population was 31 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Kiamichi Technology Center is a public career and technology education center in Wilburton, Oklahoma. It is part of the Oklahoma Department of Career and Technology Education (CareerTech) system.
Kiamichi Center has the greatest number of branch campuses of any CareerTech center, with 11 (in addition to the main campus at Wilburton, Kiamichi branches are located in Antlers, Atoka, Durant, Hugo, Idabel, McAlester, Poteau, Spiro, Stigler, and Talihina).
Pirro Imperoli (1554–1617) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Jesi (1604–1617).
Sheila Pim (21 September 1909–16 December 1995), was an Irish crime novelist and horticulturalist.
Liam Slater (born 7 October 1993) is a British professional wrestler. He is currently working for New Generation Wrestling where he performs under his own name. He also performs for a number of other British professional wrestling promotions under the ring name Liam Lazarus.
Fun (Chinese: 放, Pinyin: Fàng) aka "Release" is a song recorded by Chinese singer-songwriter Xu Weizhou. The single was released on 8 December 2016 which was composed by Xu Weizhou himself while the lyrics were written by Zhao Dengkai.
Moussa Kalisse (born 18 May 1983 in Bodegraven) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker. He is currently without a club. He formerly played for Sparta Rotterdam, FC Dordrecht, Excelsior and FCM Târgu Mureş.
Hörselberg is a former municipality in the Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia, Germany. Since 1 December 2007, it is part of the municipality Hörselberg-Hainich.
Blagica Pavlovska (Macedonian: Благица Павловска; born 1958) is a Macedonian singer.
The William S. Simmons Plantation, also known as the Wesley House, is a Greek Revival brick home located in Cave Spring, Georgia, United States, North America. The home was built in the 1840s, prior to the American Civil War, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Astroflight, Incorporated is a manufacturer of products for electric-powered radio controlled aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), brushless industrial motors, the world's first solar-powered aircraft and the world's first practical electric radio controlled model airplane.  The company is based in Irvine, California, USA.
Dendrocolaptes is a genus of Neotropical birds in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily.
The genus was introduced by the French naturalist Johann Hermann in 1804. The type species was subsequently designated as the Amazonian barred woodcreeper (Dendrocolaptes certhia) by the English zoologist George Robert Gray in 1840. The name of the genus is from the Ancient Greek dendrokolaptēs meaning "woodpecker".
Calyptomena is a genus of birds in the family Calyptomenidae. The name is a combination of two Greek words: kaluptos meaning "covered", and mēnē, meaning "moon". Established by Thomas Stamford Raffles in 1822, the genus contains three species:
Cornton Vale is a women's prison in Stirling, operated by the Scottish Prison Service. Built in 1975, Cornton Vale comprises a total of 217 cells in its 5 houses. It accepted solely convicted women and girls from 1975 until 1978. In 1978 Parliament passed the necessary legislation to allow females to be held there on remand. Cornton Vale houses female adults and young offenders in Scotland, Alongside HMP Grampian, HMP Edinburgh and HMP Polmont. In April 1999, the separation of adults and young offenders was attained. It was expected to close by 2020, to be replaced by a number of smaller regional units which have been delayed. Lady Martha Bruce was the first Governor. The Current Governor at Cornton Vale is Jackie Clinton.
Rayadurg Junction railway station is the primary railway station serving Rayadurg town in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The station comes under the jurisdiction of Hubli railway division of South Western Railway zone. A new railway line connecting with Kalyandurg of Anantapur district was commissioned recently. It will be eventually extended to Tumkur.
The Haunted is a 1991 American made-for-television haunted house film directed by Robert Mandel and starring Sally Kirkland, who received a Golden Globe nomination for her performance. The film depicts the events surrounding the Smurl haunting.
Gabriel André Joseph Charpentier (born 17 May 1999) is a French professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Frosinone.
Telmatobius halli is a species of frog in the family Telmatobiidae. It is endemic to northern Chile and only known from its type locality near Ollagüe. The specific name halli honors Frank Gregory Hall, an American specialist on the effects of high altitudes on human body and collector of the type series. Its common name is Hall's water frog.
Genkurō (源九郎) is a shape-changing kitsune (fox-spirit) character who features prominently in the famous jōruri and kabuki play Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura ("Yoshitsune and the Thousand Cherry Trees").
Disguising himself as Satō Tadanobu, a retainer of Yoshitsune's, he rescues Yoshitsune's lover Shizuka Gozen from agents of Yoritomo (Yoshitsune's brother, from whom he is fleeing). In return, he is awarded a suit of armor, and also the great honor of Yoshitsune's name, "Genkurō", meaning Minamoto (源, gen) ninth son (九郎, ku-rō). As a kitsune, with no other name of his own revealed throughout the play, he is known only as "Tadanobu" and as "Genkurō".
Separating from Yoshitsune and his party, Genkurō, his true identity still unknown, escorts Shizuka to Yoshino, seeking escape and safety from the agents of Yoritomo. There, they meet up with Yoshitsune once more, both parties having taken separate, likely somewhat circuitous routes, to arrive at the same place. However, since Yoshitsune has now come to be accompanied by the true Satō Tadanobu, Genkurō is forced to reveal himself. His transformation into his fox-spirit form, along with the dance and monologue which follow, are considered the highlights of the play. He explains that the Hatsune Drum, given to Yoshitsune at the beginning of the play and playing a key role in Yoshitsune's emotional and moral torment throughout the drama, is made from the skins of his parents, 1000-year-old foxes whose magical spirits still inhabit the drum. Longing for his parents for four hundred years (the play takes place in 1186, and the drum was crafted by the Emperor Kanmu as part of a ritual to pray for rain in 786), the drum had been kept in the Imperial Palace, guarded by a multitude of kami, and was thus inaccessible to him. But when it was removed from the palace, he continues to explain, he followed it into Yoshitsune's hands, and took on the form of Tadanobu in order to get close to it.
The dance and monologue end with the fox making a grand exit. Traditionally in kabuki he would run down the hanamichi, a platform that extends through the audience to the rear of the theater, exiting in a special dance called a kitsune-roppō (狐六法, "fox six-direction steps"), however it has become increasingly popular in recent decades for the special effect of chūnori (宙乗り) to be used: the actor portraying Genkurō flies out over the audience, hoisted up on wires. A similar technique has come to be used in bunraku puppet theatre as well, in which wires are used to lift the fox puppeteer (and, of course, the puppet as well) up off the stage.
Invisible, he then uses his magics to defend Yoshitsune, and returns, visible in the form of Tadanobu, to help the real Tadanobu in achieving revenge upon Taira no Noritsune, who killed his brother Satō Tsuginobu at the battle of Yashima. Vanishing to escape Noritsune's blade, Genkurō is not seen again, and his fate is left unclear at the end of the play.
Billy Rogers (born 16 July 1949 in South Africa) is an Australian former association football player.
A statue of António Vieira stands in Trindade Coelho Square in the civil parish of Misericórdia in Lisbon, in front of the Church of Saint Roch and the headquarters of the Lisbon Holy House of Mercy. António Vieira (1608–1697) was a noted Jesuit preacher and missionary in Colonial Brazil. It was unveiled in 2017.
Eindhoven Kemphanen is an ice hockey club in Eindhoven, The Netherlands. They played in the Dutch Cup and the Eredivisie) until season 2017-2018, the highest-level hockey division in the Netherlands.  Home games are played at the IJssportcentrum Eindhoven.
The Madagascar current is an oceanic current in the west Indian Ocean.
The Madagascar current is split into two currents – the North Madagascar Current and the East Madagascar Current. The south easterly trade winds, the South Equatorial Current and the South Indian Ocean flow westward when it reaches Madagascar's east coast the flow splits into the North and South Madagascar Currents. Both currents redistribute mass and heat along the stream current system along Madagascar's coast. The North Madagascar Current flows into the South Equatorial Current just north of Madagascar and is directed into the Mozambique Channel, this connects to the gyre's equatorial currents into the Agulhas Current off the coast of Southeastern Africa.The Northern Indian Ocean lies within a large anticyclonic supergyre, northern Madagascar lies between this gyre and a cyclonic gyre in the northern Indian Ocean. There are eddies that originate in the Mozambique Channel and in the southern region of Madagascar that can affect the timing of the ring formation of the retroflection of the Agulhas Current.
Red Paw Emergency Relief Team is a Philadelphia-based nonprofit emergency service dedicated to helping pets displaced by house fires and other residential disasters. Their goal is to reunite pets with their families once they have recovered and reduce the number of animals surrendered to shelters due to sudden hardship. The team works with local chapters of the American Red Cross, fire departments, and other disaster relief organizations to provide search and rescue, emergency transport, veterinary care, shelter and supplies for affected pets, at no cost to their owners.
David Joel Horowitz (born January 10, 1939) is an American conservative writer. He is a founder and president of the right-wing David Horowitz Freedom Center (DHFC); editor of the Center's far-right website FrontPage Magazine; and director of Discover the Networks, a website that tracks individuals and groups on the political left. Horowitz also founded the organization Students for Academic Freedom.
Horowitz wrote several books with author Peter Collier, including four on prominent 20th-century American families. He and Collier have collaborated on books about cultural criticism. Horowitz worked as a columnist for Salon.
From 1956 to 1975, Horowitz was an outspoken adherent of the New Left. He later rejected progressive ideas and became a defender of neoconservatism. Horowitz recounted his ideological journey in a series of retrospective books, culminating with his 1996 memoir Radical Son: A Generational Odyssey.
Norwood Systems is a global telecommunications provider based in Australia. Norwood Systems was founded in May 2015. It is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange.
ACS:Law was a United Kingdom law firm specialising in intellectual property law. Prior to 2009, its most notable case was the defence of a British national accused of public indecency in Dubai. The firm is best known for its actions against persons allegedly infringing copyright through peer-to-peer file sharing. The firm ceased pursuing file sharers in January 2011 and ceased trading on 3 February 2011.
Furious, also known as Legend of Kolovrat (Russian: Легенда о Коловрате, romanized: Legenda o Kolovrate, pronounced [lʲɪˈɡʲɛndɐ ɐ kəlɐˈvratʲɪ]), is a 2017 Russian  epic period action film.  The film is directed by Dzhanik Fayziev and stars newcomer Ilya Malakov, as well as Polina Chernyshova, Aleksei Serebryakov, Aleksandr Ilyin Jr. and Yulia Khlynina in supporting roles.The plot is based on The Tale of the Destruction of Ryazan, a legend about the Siege of Ryazan by the Mongols in 1237, centered around the medieval knight Evpaty KolovratFurious was theatrically released in Russia by Central Partnership on November 30, 2017.
Sayuri Yahagi (矢作 紗友里, Yahagi Sayuri, born September 22, 1986) is a Japanese voice actress affiliated with I'm Enterprise. She is the narrator of Animax.
John Darling Terry (September 3, 1845 – March 4, 1919) was an United States Army soldier who fought in the American Civil War. Terry received the Medal of Honor for bravery during combat. Terry's medal was won for "extraordinary heroism" during the Battle of New Bern in North Carolina on March 14, 1862. He was honored with the award on October 12, 1867.Terry was born in Montville, Maine. He joined the Army from Boston, Massachusetts, in September 1861, and was discharged due to the loss of his leg in March 1863. While recovering in Manhattan, New York he volunteered for service during the draft riots.  He commanded a body of convalescent soldiers in July 1863 and on day three of the riots he received word that he was re-entering service as a lieutenant in the 1st North Carolina Colored Volunteers (later known as the 35th U.S. Colored Infantry), a regiment he fought with until the war's end.  On May 23, 1865, after the official end of the war, Terry was promoted to captain.  However, in the aftermath of the war's end and due to prejudice against officers working with the former slaves, his promotion was withdrawn.  In September of 1865 Terry was assigned to the Freedman's Bureau and while there was brevetted promotions to captain and major before his discharge.   He died in Manhattan on March 4, 1919,  and was buried at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx, New York), Butternut Plot, Section 141, Lot 14454.His official rank remained lieutenant until 2013, almost 150 years later, when his great-grandson and other family members petitioned the ABCMR to reinstate his official rank of captain. After careful review the board determined that the evidence presented was sufficient and corrected the record reinstating Terry's permanent rank to captain.
Heteropsis cowani is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found on Madagascar, where it is only known from the forests near Fianarantsoa. The habitat consists of forests.
Vila Nova de Gaia (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɨ ˈɣajɐ] (listen); Proto-Celtic: *Cale), or simply Gaia, is a city and a municipality in Porto District in Norte Region, Portugal. It is located south of the city of Porto on the other side of the Douro River.  The city proper had a population of 178,255 in 2001. The municipality has an area of 168.46 km². and a total population of 302,295 inhabitants (2011), making it the most populous municipality in Norte Region. Gaia along with Porto and 12 other municipalities make up the commonly designated Porto Metropolitan Area.
The city contains many cellars (locally known as "caves") where port wine is stored and aged. These cellars have become a major tourist attraction.
Kolemarz-e Olya (Persian: كلمرزعليا, also Romanized as Kolemarz-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District, Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 493, in 137 families.
Joemy Wilson is a hammered dulcimer player from New Haven, Connecticut.  Her first instruments were the piano and violin.  She also took voice lessons in high school.  She started playing Appalachian dulcimer while attending Barnard College, and started playing hammered dulcimer in 1979.
Wilson has made several recordings on the Dargason label, and is particularly noted for her recordings of the compositions of Irish harper Turlough O'Carolan.  She has collaborated with several artists, including Miamon Miller, Valarie King, Scott Fraser, Anisa Angarola, and Sylvia Woods.
The Best American Short Stories yearly anthology is a part of The Best American Series published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.  Since 1915, the BASS anthology has striven to contain the best short stories by some of the best-known writers in contemporary American literature.
The 2012 Winnipeg Blue Bombers season was the 55th season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 80th overall. The Blue Bombers looked to continue on the success of the 2011 season, in which they made it all the way to the Grey Cup game. However, the team slipped to 3rd place in the East Division and missed the playoffs, finishing with a 6–12 record. The team was supposed to play their first season in their new stadium, Investors Group Field, but ongoing construction delays have moved its opening to the beginning of the 2013 season. The Blue Bombers started the season with four straight road games, which was due to speculation that the stadium would be opened in time for a home opener in week 5 at the earliest. The Blue Bombers started the season 0–4 for the first time since 2008, which was also, coincidentally, a year after they had an appearance in the Grey Cup game.
After a 2–6 start, head coach Paul LaPolice was fired on August 25, 2012, after three years of employment. He was replaced by defensive coordinator Tim Burke.
The low point of the season occurred in Tim Burke's debut as head coach on September 2, 2012, in which the team suffered a 52–0 shutout loss to their biggest rivals the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the Labour Day Classic. It was the Bombers first shutout loss since they were blanked 33–0 by the Edmonton Eskimos on July 29, 1969. It was also their first shutout loss to Saskatchewan since October 15, 1949.
With a 28–18 loss to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on October 27, 2012, the Blue Bombers were eliminated from playoff contention. Their final game of the season, a 19–11 victory over the Montreal Alouettes, would mark the final game played at Canad Inns Stadium prior to its demolition.
Raymond Francis "Buster" Reutt (March 4, 1917 – August 18, 2004) was a professional football player for one season, 1943, in the National Football League. He was a member of the "Steagles", a team that was the result of a temporary merger between the Eagles and Pittsburgh Steelers due to the league-wide manning shortages in 1943 brought on by World War II. He was also an alumnus of the Virginia Military Institute.
Ibrahim Khalil (1909 – 7 April 1998) was an Egyptian diver. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, where he placed 13th in 10 metre platform.
Clathrin heavy chain 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CLTC gene.Clathrin is a major protein component of the cytoplasmic face of intracellular organelles, called coated vesicles and coated pits. These specialized organelles are involved in the intracellular trafficking of receptors and endocytosis of a variety of macromolecules.  The basic subunit of the clathrin coat is composed of three heavy chains and three light chains.
Howard Wang (born April 28, 1993) is American voice actor, known for his work in anime dubs for Funimation and Bang Zoom! Entertainment.
Stoer Head Lighthouse was built on Stoer Head by brothers David and Thomas Stevenson in 1870 after being identified as one of forty-five sites in Scotland where a lighthouse was necessary to protect shipping. The lighthouse is 45 feet (14 m) high, making it squat in appearance, but the height of the cliffs on which it sits means it can be seen at a distance of 24 miles (39 km) out at sea. The beacon flashes white every fifteen seconds.
Dungeons & Dragons: Tower of Doom (Japanese: ダンジョンズ&ドラゴンズ タワーオブドゥーム, Hepburn: Danjonzu & Doragonzu Tawā obu Dūmu), published in 1994, is the first of two arcade games created by Capcom based on the Dungeons & Dragons tabletop role-playing game and set in the Mystara campaign setting. It is a side scrolling beat 'em up with some role-playing video game elements for one to four players. The game was also released on the Sega Saturn, packaged with its sequel, Dungeons & Dragons: Shadow over Mystara, under the title Dungeons & Dragons Collection, although the Saturn version limited the gameplay to only two players. In 2013, both games were re-released for modern platforms as Dungeons & Dragons: Chronicles of Mystara.
Ingmanthorpe is a hamlet close to the village of Kirk Deighton in North Yorkshire, England, the village is situated approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) north of the town of Wetherby in neighbouring West Yorkshire.  Ingmanthorpe is situated close the A1(M) and Wetherby Service Station. Grand National winning jockey, Richard Guest, trains racehorses at Ingmanthorpe Grange Farm. Ingmanthorpe Hall was home to Wennington School from 1945 to 1975, and was designated a Grade II listed building in 1966.
The Florida Cabinet is a body of the government of Florida comprising the Attorney General, the Commissioner of Agriculture, and the Chief Financial Officer that engages in the collective governance of the state.
Harvinder Singh pronunciation  (born 23 December 1977, Amritsar, Punjab, India) is an  Indian cricketer who played in three Tests and 16 One Day International (ODI) matches from 1997 to 2001.Harvinder made his debut in ODI cricket for India against Pakistan during the 1997 Sahara Cup in Toronto. In 2020, he became an Indian national selector.
Liu Xiang (Chinese: 劉襄; pinyin: Liú Xiāng), posthumously named Prince Ping of Liang (Chinese: 梁平王; pinyin: Liáng Píng Wáng), was a prince of the Han dynasty. He was the son and heir of Liu Mai, and a grandson of Liu Wu, who sided with the imperial court during the Rebellion of the Seven States. Liu Xiang ruled Liang in 137–97 BC.
Sullam al-sama', also known as Resaleh-ye Kamaliyyeh (Arabic*: سُلَم السماء, Transliterated as Sǒllam os-Samā'), meaning "The Ladder of the Sky" or "The Stairway of Heaven", is an astronomical treatise written by the Persian mathematician and astronomer Jamshid Kashani in 1407 about the determination of the distance and size of heavenly bodies such as the Earth, the Moon and the Sun.
Farmington is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 23,632 at the 2020 census. It is a part of the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area.
The Fort Lauderdale Braves was a minor league baseball team in Fort Lauderdale, Florida from 1947 until 1953 that played its home games at Westside Ballpark at the north fork of the New River at Broward Boulevard. The team was a member of the Florida International League and were affiliated with the Boston Braves in 1947. 
The team split its games in 1952 in Key West as the Key West Conchs. During their final season, the team was renamed the Fort Lauderdale Lions.
Bannetze is a village and Ortschaft (municipal division) on the River Aller in the municipality of Winsen (Aller) in the district of Celle in the north German state of Lower Saxony. The L180 state road passes through the village. The village has under 400 inhabitants.
"Seven Days in Sunny June" is the second single from British funk and acid jazz band Jamiroquai's sixth studio album, Dynamite (2005). Written by lead singer Jay Kay and new keyboardist Matt Johnson, the track is considered to be a throwback to the old acid jazz sound upon which Jamiroquai made their name. The song peaked at number 14 on the UK Singles Chart.
Tulsi: Mathrudevobhava is a 2008 Indian Hindi drama film. The film is directed by K. Ajay Kumar and stars Manisha Koirala and Irrfan Khan. The film is a remake of 1993 Malayalam movie Akashadoothu which was also earlier remade in Telugu as Mathru Devo Bhava, in Kannada as Karulina Koogu and in Marathi as Chimani Pakhare though the original movie they were all remake of was 1983 American movie Who Will Love My Children?.
Ravine Park is a community park located in Lake Bluff, Illinois. Measuring roughly 14 acres (5.7 ha) in area, it is dominated by a ravine formed by an ephemeral stream that flows after heavy rainfall and consists of a series of muddy ponds otherwise. The park's main attraction is a small system of nature trails. Ravine Park is one of the only officially protected ravines in all of Lake County, Illinois and offers a refuge for nature in the densely inhabited suburbs of Chicago.
Jonathan Romesh Ranganathan (born 23 March 1978) is an English actor, comedian and presenter. He is known for his deadpan and often self-deprecating comedy.Ranganathan has made numerous appearances on television comedy panel shows, and in 2016 he co-presented It's Not Rocket Science on ITV, alongside Rachel Riley and Ben Miller. He has also been a regular panellist on The Apprentice: You're Fired!, Play to the Whistle, and The Museum of Curiosity. He completed his first major tour, Irrational Live, in 2016 in which he performed in large venues such as the Hammersmith Apollo. In 2018, Ranganathan joined A League of Their Own as a regular panellist, replacing Jack Whitehall. He has presented comedy programmes Judge Romesh and The Ranganation, as well as starring in the travel programme The Misadventures of Romesh Ranganathan. His autobiography is entitled Straight Outta Crawley. In December 2021, Ranganathan began hosting the revival of The Weakest Link, replacing Anne Robinson as host.In 2020, Ranganathan won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Features for The Misadventures of Romesh Ranganathan; in 2021, he won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Entertainment Performance for The Ranganation.
The 2013–14 season was the 54th season in the history of NK Maribor and the club's 23rd consecutive season in the Slovenian PrvaLiga since the league establishment in 1991. The team participated in the Slovenian PrvaLiga, Slovenian Football Cup, UEFA Champions League, and UEFA Europa League. The season covers the period from 1 June 2013 to 31 May 2014.
After they won the Slovenian version of the treble (League, Cup and Supercup) during the previous season, Maribor came close to repeating its achievement during the 2013–14 season, however, they were denied this honour on 21 May 2014 when they were defeated by Gorica in the Slovenian Cup Final. However, the club was not without success as they have managed to win the Slovenian Supercup for the third time in their history and were crowned PrvaLiga champions for the 12th time. The Supercup title was won under the leadership of Croatian manager Ante Čačić, who was replaced by former player Ante Šimundža early in the season. In UEFA competitions Maribor qualified for the UEFA Europa League group stage for the third successive season and, after winning seven points in a group with Rubin Kazan, Zulte Waregem and Wigan Athletic, they qualified to the UEFA Europa League knockout phase for the first time, becoming the first Slovenian club to play European football in the second part of the season. In the Round of 32 Maribor faced Sevilla and were defeated with the score 4–3 on aggregate. The Spanish side went out to win the competition couple of months later.
Bosnian striker Nusmir Fajić was the club's top scorer during the season with 19 goals, 16 of which were scored in the Slovenian PrvaLiga. Club captain Marcos Tavares made history in the second part of the season when he tied Branko Horjak's all-time goalscoring record (117) and eventually surpassing it. He has also surpassed a joint record previously held by Ante Šimundža and Kliton Bozgo who both scored 78 league goals for the club. During the course of the 2013–14 season Maribor maintained an average league attendance of 3,089 on its home matches. In addition, Maribor were the only PrvaLiga team that had an average league attendance of over 1,000 spectators.
Kushan dance or kushan nritya or kushan gaan is a Rajbongshi folk drama form based on Krittivasi Ramayan. The artistes narrate the story of Ramayan in Kamtapuri or Rajbongshi language through musical verses. The Kushan folk theater is traceable to the 15th century when the Koch dynasty ruled Assam, West Bengal, and the current northern Bangladesh. The name, Kushan, has its sources in the name Kush, the second son of Sita.The men, called as sokra or chokra, sing and dance during the performance. The primary performer is known as mool or geedal - he narrates the story and the doari, the jester, works as an intermediary between the mool and the audience through commentaries, observations, and jokes. Bena, an instrument made of bamboo is used in the performances apart from aar banshi (bamboo flute), mondira, sarinja, akhrai, violin, and harmonium. The performance starts with ashar bandana, an auspicious song to seek the blessings of gods and goddesses.
Peta-Louise Mary Credlin  (born 23 March 1971) is an Australian political commentator and former political advisor who served as Chief of Staff to Prime Minister Tony Abbott from September 2013 to September 2015. She was previously chief of staff to Abbott as Leader of the Opposition. Since 2016, she has been the host of Credlin and co-host of Jones & Co on Sky News Live. Credlin is a controversial figure in Australian media, she is frequently a source of criticism and has been forced to apologise on multiple occasions for making factually incorrect claims.
Karina Grömer (born 1974) is an Austrian archaeologist known for her contribution to the study of archaeological textiles. She is the vice-head of the Department of Prehistory at the Natural History Museum Vienna in Austria.
The Champlain Valley Transportation Museum in Plattsburgh, New York, United States, founded in 2000 to be a museum dedicated to the history of Lozier Motors, has grown in scope to cover all the transportation in the region. It includes artifacts and displays on the history of land and water based transportation in the region, especially on Lake Champlain and the St. Lawrence Seaway.
The museum was the idea of Anthony Vaccaro, a Plattsburgh physician, who owned and restored a 1915 Lozier. He saw a museum dedicated to Lozier Motors as a way of promoting Plattsburgh's rich history. Despite the museum's expanded scope, the Lozier remains its centerpiece. The museum's Type 82 Lozier is the only known Type 82 in existence.The museum officially opened on the site of the former Plattsburgh Air Force Base in 2004 with the help of a corps of volunteers. Its permanent collection includes two Lozier Automobiles. Also housed at the museum are the Bill Gates Diner (a cafe housed in a trolley car), a 1924 REO Speed Wagon used by Plattsburgh Motor Services' founder Walter Church, a 1929 Model A Ford and a 1967 Jaguar.
1981 Home-Built Electric TowncarFollowing a 2006 grant that helped establish the museum, in 2007, the museum received a $1 million grant from the New York State Department of Transportation to assist in the 
upgrade of the museum's infrastructure. The museum is required to raise $200,000 in order to receive the grant and in January 2008 it began a capital campaign to achieve this goal.
Yuri Gurevich, Professor Emeritus at the University of Michigan, is an American computer scientist and mathematician and the inventor of abstract state machines.
Gurevich was born and educated in the Soviet Union. He taught mathematics there and then in Israel before moving to the United States in 1982.
The best-known work of his Soviet period is on the classical decision problem.
The Forgetful Determinacy Theorem of Gurevich–Harrington is of that period as well.From 1982 to 1998, Gurevich taught computer science at the University of Michigan, where he started to work on various aspects of computational complexity theory
He became one of the founders of the emerging field of finite model theory.Most importantly, he became interested in the problem of what an algorithm is. This led him to the theory of abstract state machines (ASMs). The ASM Thesis says that, behaviorally, every algorithm is an ASM.
A few convincing axioms enabled derivation of the sequential ASM thesis
The ASM thesis has also been proven for some other classes of algorithms.From 1998 to 2018, Gurevich was with Microsoft Research where he founded a group on Foundations of Software Engineering. The group built Spec Explorer based on the theory of abstract state machines. The tool was adopted by the Windows team; a modified version of the tool helped Microsoft meet the European Union demands for high-level executable specifications. Later, Gurevich worked with different Microsoft groups on various efficiency, safety, and security issues,
and privacy.Since 1988, Gurevich has managed the column on Logic in Computer Science in the Bulletin of the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science.
an inaugural fellow of the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science,
a member of Academia Europaea, and Dr. Honoris Causa of Hasselt University in Belgium and of Ural State University in Russia.
The São João River is a tributary of the Pitangui River in Paraná state, southern Brazil.
The Pike National Forest is located in the Front Range of Colorado, United States, west of Colorado Springs including Pikes Peak. The forest encompasses 1,106,604 acres (4,478 km2) within Clear Creek, Teller, Park, Jefferson, Douglas and El Paso counties. The major rivers draining the forest are the South Platte and Fountain Creek. Rampart Reservoir is a large artificial body of water located within the forest.
Much of the bedrock within Pike National Forest is made up of the coarse, pink to orange Pikes Peak granite.
William Walter Charles Brown (4 December 1920 – 26 June 2001) was an Australian politician who served as a Senator for Victoria from 1969 to 1970 and 1971 to 1978, representing the Labor Party.
Born in Melbourne, he was educated at state schools and then at Taylor's College, after which he became an apprentice cabinet-maker. He served in the military from 1941 to 1946, and was an organiser and Victorian Secretary of the Federated Furnishing Trades Society. In 1961, he served as President of the Melbourne Trades Hall Council, and as President of the Victorian Labor Party 1965–1968.
On 19 November 1969, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Sam Cohen. Brown's appointment lasted until the 1970 election, when he was elected in his own right; his new term did not begin until 1 July 1971, however, and Liberal George Hannan served the remainder of Cohen's term. He was defeated in 1977, when he was demoted to third position on the Labor ticket to make room for Gareth Evans.
Charles Frederick William Illingworth  (8 May 1899 – 23 February 1991) was a British surgeon who specialised in gastroenterology. Along with a range of teaching and research interests, he wrote several surgical textbooks, and played a leading role in university and medical administration.
Born in West Yorkshire, he served as a fighter pilot in the First World War before resuming medical studies in Edinburgh. After working and teaching in the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh in the 1920s and 1930s, Illingworth was appointed Regius Professor of Surgery, Glasgow, in 1939. Over the next 25 years, he established the Glasgow School of surgery, with generations of his students influencing surgical research and teaching in Britain and abroad. His textbooks were also highly influential, including his co-authorship of Text Book of Surgical Pathology (1932). Illingworth travelled and lectured widely, and helped initiate and present a 1963 television series on postgraduate medical training. His research included early work in the 1960s on hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
Illingworth's administrative and leadership roles included his Presidency of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow (1962 to 1964) and Dean of Faculties at the University of Glasgow (1978 to 1981). His honours included a knighthood (1961), Honorary Surgeon to the Queen in Scotland (1961 to 1965), and a range of honorary degrees. Honorary fellowships included those conferred by the Royal College of Surgeons of England, the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, and the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada. For his devotion to surgical science, Illingworth was awarded the 1964 Lister Medal.
In retirement, Illingworth wrote biographies of William Hunter and Hector Hetherington. He also helped establish the charity Tenovus-Scotland in 1967, and was awarded the Nuffield Trust's Rock Carling Fellowship for 1970. Portraits of Illingworth by Alberto Morrocco are held at the Hunterian Museum and Art Gallery and the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow, and the annual Illingworth Prize for medical students is administered by the University of Glasgow. Illingworth's autobiography, There is a History in All Men's Lives, was published in 1988.
Vanna Thamizh Paatu (English: Colourful Tamil song) is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by P. Vasu. The film features Prabhu, débutantes Vaijayanthi and Mani Chandana in lead roles. The film, produced by M. Krishnaswamy, had musical score by S. A. Rajkumar and was released on 17 November 2000. The film received mixed reviews.
Heliobolus spekii, also known commonly as Speke's sand lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae. The species is native to East Africa and the Horn of Africa. There are three recognized subspecies.
Bankouale (Arabic: بنكوالي) is a town in Tadjoura region of Djibouti. One of the distinctive features of Bankouale countryside is the widespread growing of vegetables. In the meantime there are also first approaches to establish gentle tourism.
Joe Henderson (April 24, 1937 – June 30, 2001) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist. In a career spanning more than four decades, Henderson played with many of the leading American players of his day and recorded for several prominent labels, including Blue Note, Milestone, and Verve.
Niall John O'Brien (born 8 November 1981) is a former Irish cricketer and a cricket commentator. He is a left-handed batsman and wicket-keeper. Domestically O'Brien began his professional career with Kent in 2004 before joining Northamptonshire at the start of 2007, spending six seasons there before joining Leicestershire for 2013.
He made his One Day International debut for Ireland in 2006; two years later he played his first Twenty20 International. He was one of the eleven cricketers to play in Ireland's first ever Test match, against Pakistan, in May 2018.
O'Brien has also played in overseas twenty20 leagues, first the Indian Cricket League in 2008 and then the Bangladesh Premier League on its formation in 2012. His brother, Kevin, plays alongside him in the Ireland team while his father, Brendan, played cricket for Ireland from 1966 to 1981.In October 2018, O'Brien announced his retirement from cricket.
Corned beef, or salt beef in the British Commonwealth of Nations, is salt-cured brisket of beef. The term comes from the treatment of the meat with large-grained rock salt, also called "corns" of salt. Sometimes, sugar and spices are added to corned beef recipes. Corned beef is featured as an ingredient in many cuisines.
Most recipes include nitrates, which convert the natural myoglobin in beef to nitrosomyoglobin, giving it a pink color. Nitrates and nitrites reduce the risk of dangerous botulism during curing by inhibiting the growth of Clostridium botulinum bacteria spores, but have been linked to increased cancer risk in mice. Beef cured without nitrates or nitrites has a gray color, and is sometimes called "New England corned beef".Corned beef was a popular meal throughout numerous wars, including World War I and World War II, during which fresh meat was rationed. It also remains popular worldwide as an ingredient in a variety of regional dishes and as a common part in modern field rations of various armed forces around the world.
Ivan Miloš Havel  (11 October 1938 – 25 April 2021) was a Czech scientist and philosopher. He was the brother of President Václav Havel, with whom he was one of the founders of the Civic Forum.
In years 1990–2019, he was the editor-in-chief of Vesmír.In a joint award for 2019/2020 commemorating the 30th Anniversary of the fall of Communism, Havel was awarded the Hanno R. Ellenbogen Citizenship Award with Ivan Chvatik (19th) and Hans-Dietrich Genscher and Markus Meckel (20th) by the Prague Society and Global Panel Foundation.
The National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy (NCRP) is a progressive advocacy and watchdog group that monitors charitable spending in the United States. It was established in 1976 and is based in Washington, D.C. It advocates for a greater focus on social justice giving in the philanthropic sector.
Young and Wild is a compilation by Cherie & Marie Currie. This album has all 10 original tracks from Messin' with the Boys, six songs from Beauty's Only Skin Deep, three songs Cherie Currie sang with The Runaways, and one new track co-written by Marie Currie, "Longer Than Forever". "Longer Than Forever" was the B side of the single "Since You Been Gone".Kim Fowley tried to engage in intellectual property infringement by releasing the album without Cherie or Marie's approval. Cherie Currie says on Reality Check TV, Episode #580, that aired 8/17/13, “He (Kim Fowley) stole my Capitol record, (Messin’ with the Boys), and released it in Australia (Young and Wild), when I was re-releasing it (Messin’ with the Boys). He continued to rip me off into my forties.”Cherie Currie recorded "Strawberry Fields" and "Here Comes the Sun" for the film Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, unfortunately, her covers were rejected, and she didn't get a part in the film.
Żurawki [ʐuˈrafki] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Osiek, 28 km (17 mi) south of Starogard Gdański, and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
The 2006 Air Canada Cup was the fourth edition of the women's ice hockey tournament. It was held from January 5-7, 2006 in Ravensburg, Germany. The Canadian U23 national team won the tournament, finishing with a record of two wins and one loss over three games.
Adrien F. Arsenault (April 12, 1889 – June 28, 1941) was a lawyer and political figure on Prince Edward Island. He represented 3rd Prince in the Legislative Assembly from 1922 to 1935 as a Conservative.
Miguel Escueta (born May 6, 1984) is a Filipino male vocalist, singer and performer.
He is a regular performer on the 3-year Sunday variety show of GMA 7, Party Pilipinas.
Gore is an unincorporated community in western Frederick County, Virginia, United States, located off the Northwestern Turnpike on Gore Road (SR 751) west of Winchester. The community is nestled in the Back Creek valley. It has been called "Back Creek".
Gore serves as the western terminus of the Winchester and Western Railroad. It is home to the Gore plant of Unimin Corporation. Gore is the birthplace of the author Willa Cather.
Fort Riley is a unincorporated community that covers part of Fort Riley, a US Army installation in Geary and Riley counties in the U.S. state of Kansas.  As of the 2020 census, the population of the community and nearby areas was 9,230.
Sibirocosa is a genus of wolf spiders containing seven species, all from Russia, mostly found from northeastern Siberia south to Primorsky Krai.  Spiders of this genus are dark coloured and hairy with a body length of 5.25 - 7.25 mm.
Adele Chatfield-Taylor (born June 29, 1945), a native of Virginia, is an American arts administrator. She served as president and CEO of the American Academy in Rome from 1988 to 2013.
Samuel Hoare (born 12 August 1991) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays for the Townsville Blackhawks in the Queensland Cup. Primarily a prop, he previously played for the North Queensland Cowboys.
Corben Creek is a stream in the municipality of Minden Hills, Haliburton County, and the unitary city of Kawartha Lakes in Central Ontario, Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is tributary of Balsam Lake.
The Valle-Inclán High School is a large eclectic and Art Nouveau building located in the city centre of Pontevedra, Spain. It is named after the writer Valle-Inclán who studied and lived in Pontevedra. Today it is the seat of the Valle-Inclán Secondary School and was the first an the only secondary school in the province of Pontevedra from 1845 to 1927.
The history of figure skating stretches back to prehistoric times. Primitive ice skates appear in the archaeological record from about 3000 BC. Edges were added by the Dutch in the 13th and 14th century. International figure skating competitions began appearing in the late 19th century; in 1891, the European Championships were inaugurated in Hamburg, Germany, and in 1896, the first World Championship were held in Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire. At the 1908 Summer Olympics in London, England, figure skating became the first winter sport to be included in the Olympics.
A list of alumni of note from Oxford Brookes University in Oxford, England.
Reggae With The Hippy Boys is an album by The Hippy Boys, released in 1969.  Originally Issued by Trojan records, the album was classified in the style of Skinhead Reggae and ska. The Original LP has long become a highly sought-after collectors item.
Turner Brothers' Building–American Household Storage Company is a historic manufacturing and warehouse building located at Buffalo in Erie County, New York. The original section was built about 1848, and it is a four-story, wood frame, brick faced building in the Gothic Revival style.  A six-story, two bay reinforced concrete addition was built in 1910.  The building has three-story rear additions built in 1889 and 1940.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
Adamson is a ghost town in Pittsburg County, Oklahoma, United States. Comprising 4 square miles, it was located between McAlester and Wilburton. The town contained 15 coal mines. Four mines were major producers.  A post office was established at Adamson, Indian Territory on March 1, 1906.  The town was named for Peter Adamson, a mine owner. It was a prosperous coal mining town before and during World War I, especially during 1913 to 1919. On September 4, 1914, Adamson was the site of one of the worst coal mine disasters in the United States. The town never recovered economically, and is now considered a ghost town. It has since been largely engulfed by Eufaula Lake.
Denver City is a town located partly in Gaines County, but mostly in Yoakum County in the far western portion of the U.S. state of Texas, just a short distance from the New Mexico boundary. It is named for the petroleum company, Denver Productions. The population was 4,479 at the 2010 census. The town is located at the intersection of Texas State Highways 214 and 83.
Oil and ranching remain important to Denver City. The first well was drilled by the wildcatter "Red" Davidson of Fort Worth on the ranch lands of L.P. and Ruth Bennett and her father, Dr. J. R. Smith. Oil gushed to the surface for the first time on October 10, 1935. A part of this Wasson Field, as it is known, is the site of the Yoakum County Park, donated in 1964 by Gene H. Bennett (1921–1998), the youngest son of the Bennetts.According to the Denver City Chamber of Commerce, Denver City is home to a fully functional hospital, a car dealership, a grocery store, an airport, two hotels, three churches, and six financial institutions.In 2008, the Denver City Independent School District presented a bond package for new and renovated facilities. Upgrades included a new high school, tennis courts, a junior-high band hall, an industrial arts facility, a sports complex, a maintenance center, an athletics field house, and a bus barn. Renovations included classrooms, science labs, offices and foyer, a parking lot, a  main field house, and a bus barn for the junior-high campus.On May 11, 2013, voters in both Denver City and Yoakum County, as well as Crosby County, also in West Texas, all previously under local-option prohibition laws, approved the sale of liquor.
Impact X Capital is a venture capital firm which looks to invest in underrepresented entrepreneurs from across Europe. Impact X Capital was started by Eric Collins. Its initial founding members include Ursula Burns, Ric Lewis and Lenny Henry.
The Aisin AW AF33 is a 5-speed automatic transaxle developed and manufactured in Anjo, Japan by Aisin AW, a division of Aisin. It is designed to be used in transverse engine configurations in both FWD and AWD configurations.
The actual model codes are AW55-50SN and AW55-51SN. Manufactures have sometimes chosen own designations such as AF23, AF33 or AF33-5 (GM), RE5F22A (Nissan and Infiniti) or SU1 (Renault). Other manufacturers use the original designation(s) or minor variations of it such as AW55-50 LE (Volvo), AW 55-51 LE  (Opel) and FA57 (Saab).
Lovers in Paris is a 2009 Philippine television drama series loosely based on the 2004 South Korean drama series of the same title. The series was aired on ABS-CBN's Primetime Bida evening block from September 28 to December 11, 2009, replacing Tayong Dalawa.
Zakes Makgona Mokae (5 August 1934 – 11 September 2009) was a South African-American actor of theatre and film
Founded in 1999 and headquartered in Prague, Czech Republic, the CEELI Institute is an independent, non-profit, non-governmental organization for advancing the rule of law.  The CEELI Institute's mission is to advance the rule of law across various countries in order to protect fundamental rights and individual liberties, promote transparent, incorruptible, accountable governments, create the foundation for economic growth and development, and promote peaceful resolution of disputes. Through innovative training programs, the CEELI Institute educates legal professionals with a focus on providing tools to promote human rights, strengthen democratic institutions, fight corruption, and support free market economies. The institute is located at the Villa Grebovka in Prague.
The Royal Victoria Country Park is a country park in Netley, Hampshire, England, by the shores of Southampton Water. It comprises 200 acres (81 ha) of mature woodland and grassy parkland, as well as a small shingle beach.
From 1863 until 1966, the site was home to the Royal Victoria Hospital. The site was acquired by Hampshire County Council in 1969, who opened the park to the public in 1970.
All that remains of the hospital is the chapel, which acts as a heritage centre providing history of the hospital. It also has a 150-foot (46 m) viewing tower, providing views over the park, and across Southampton Water to Hythe, and on a clear day, as far as Southampton itself.
The site also has a park office and tearooms. The building housing this was built using 100 different timbers from around the UK and British Empire. It was originally built in 1940 by the YMCA for entertainment, recreation and relaxation for staff and patients at the hospital.
There is also a miniature narrow-gauge railway the Royal Victoria Railway on the site which runs for around 1 mile (1.6 km).
The park is home to a large variety of fauna and flora.
The park can be reached on foot via a footpath from Netley Station, or there is ample car parking on site.
The Netley Military Cemetery to the rear of the hospital site, primarily for patients, is accessible to the public by a private footpath and with a lockable security fence, a key to which can be obtained from the shop next to the tearooms.  Among those buried here are 636 Commonwealth service personnel who died in the First World War and 35 in the Second World War whose graves are maintained and registered by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, who also care for the war graves of 69 Germans and 12 Belgians from the First and of one Polish soldier from the Second war.Southampton Water is an extremely busy shipping lane, with container ships and cruise liners, including the Queen Mary 2 using the port at Southampton as a base.
In January 2014 it was announced that a Heritage Lottery Fund grant of £102,000 would be used for restoring the chapel and revealing more detail of the former hospital.
The 2002–03 Algerian Championnat National was the 41st season of the Algerian Championnat National since its establishment in 1962. A total of 16 teams contested the league, with USM Alger as the defending champions, The Championnat started on August 22, 2002. and ended on May 13, 2003.
Chrysoritis braueri, the Brauer's opal, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae found only in South Africa.
The wingspan is 20–24 mm for males and 21–26 mm for females. Its flight period is from August to November and February to April in two broods.Larva feed on Zygophyllum species and Myrsine africana. They are associated with Crematogaster species ants.
Edmund John "Bing" Miller (August 30, 1894 – May 7, 1966) was an American professional baseball player and coach. He played in Major League Baseball as an outfielder, most notably as a member of the Philadelphia Athletics dynasty that won three consecutive American League pennants from 1929 to 1931 and won the World Series in 1929 and 1930. He also played for the Washington Senators, St. Louis Browns and Boston Red Sox.After Miller's playing career, he coached in the majors for 17 years.
William Walker (9 January 1871 – 23 November 1918) was a prominent Irish trade unionist.
Carrión de Calatrava is a municipality in the province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.  The castle of Calatrava la Vieja is situated nearby.
Cranborne Chase School was an independent boarding school for girls, originally opened in 1946 at Crichel House in the village of Moor Crichel in Dorset. In 1961, the school moved to New Wardour Castle near Tisbury in Wiltshire, and extensively renovated the building, which had fallen into a severe state of disrepair.In 1985 there were 130 girls, aged between 11 and 18 years, and 26 teachers at the school. The school eventually closed in July 1990.
École des Ponts ParisTech (originally called École nationale des ponts et chaussées or ENPC, also nicknamed Ponts) is a university-level institution of higher education and research in the field of science, engineering and technology. Founded in 1747 by Daniel-Charles Trudaine, it is one of the oldest and one of the most prestigious French Grandes Écoles.
Historically, its primary mission has been to train engineering officials and civil engineers but the school now offers a wide-ranging education including computer science, applied mathematics, civil engineering, mechanics, finance, economics, innovation, urban studies, environment and transport engineering. École des Ponts is today largely international: 43% of its students obtain a double degree abroad, and 30% of an ingénieur cohort is foreign.It is headquartered in Marne-la-Vallée (suburb of Paris), France, and is a founding member of ParisTech (Paris Institute of Technology) and of the Paris School of Economics.
The school is under the Ministry of Ecology, Sustainable Development and Energy of France.
Pat Savage is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Brisbane Broncos and Gold Coast Chargers.
Savage, a recruit from the North Queensland region, played at Brisbane as a winger. Most of his first-grade appearances came in the 1992 season and included a two try performance in Brisbane's round eight win over St. George. He lost his place in the side after round 22, with Brisbane going on to win the premiership over St. George in the grand final.
In 1996 he played a season of first-grade with the Gold Coast Chargers.
Ivor Warne-Smith (29 October 1897 – 4 March 1960), was an Australian footballer, who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League and for the Latrobe Football Club in the North-Western Football Union in Tasmania. During his time with Melbourne he won two Brownlow Medals, played in their 1926 premiership side, was captain-coach of the club and represented his state of Victoria on numerous occasions. Warne-Smith remained involved with the club for the rest of his life and was named in the Melbourne Football Club Team of the Century. He was also named in the Tasmanian Team of the Century. Warne-Smith fought in both World War I and World War II.
The crab-eating macaque (Macaca fascicularis), also known as the long-tailed macaque and referred to as the cynomolgus monkey in laboratories, is a cercopithecine primate native to Southeast Asia. A species of macaque, the crab-eating macaque has a long history alongside humans; it has been alternately seen as an agricultural pest, sacred animal in some temples, and more recently, the subject of medical experiments.The crab-eating macaque lives in matrilineal social groups of up to eight individuals dominated by females. Male members leave the group when they reach puberty. It is an opportunistic omnivore and has been documented using tools to obtain food in Thailand and Myanmar. The crab-eating macaque is a known invasive species and a threat to biodiversity in several locations, including Hong Kong and western New Guinea. The significant overlap in macaque and human living space has resulted in greater habitat loss, synanthropic living, and inter- and intraspecies conflicts over resources.
The 1983 Camel GT Championship season was the 13th season of the IMSA GT Championship auto racing series.  It was for GTP class prototypes and GTO and GTU class Grand Tourer-style racing cars.  It began February 5, 1983, and ended November 27, 1983, after seventeen rounds.
Orthocomotis chloantha is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Guerrero, Mexico.
José Díaz-Balart Caballero (born November 7, 1960) is a Cuban-American journalist and television anchorman. On September 7, 2021, Diaz-Balart stepped down as anchor of the weeknight editions of Noticias Telemundo. He is currently anchoring a new 10 A.M. show called "José Díaz-Balart Reports", on MSNBC. He also continues to anchor NBC Nightly News Saturday, and will continue to anchor breaking news and special events coverage for Telemundo and host monthly specials.
The Citizens’ Rights Directive 2004/38/EC (also sometimes called the "Free Movement Directive") defines the right of free movement for citizens of the European Economic Area (EEA), which includes the member states of the European Union (EU) and the three European Free Trade Association (EFTA) members Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein. Switzerland, which is a member of EFTA but not of the EEA, is not bound by the Directive but rather has a separate bilateral agreement on free movement with the EU.It consolidated older regulations and directives, and extended the rights of unmarried couples. It gives EEA citizens the right of free movement and residence across the European Economic Area, as long as they are not an undue burden on the country of residence and have comprehensive health insurance. This right also extends to close family members that are not EEA citizens.
After five years, the right of residence becomes permanent, which means it does not depend on any precondition any longer.
Bullarium is a term commonly applied to a collection of papal bulls and other analogous documents, whether the scope of the collection be general in character, or limited to the bulls connected to any particular order, or institution, or locality.
This is a list of the scientific names of extant snakes. It includes 517 genera and 3,738 species:
Glen Check (Hangul: 글렌체크) is a South Korean indie band, consisting of singer and guitarist Kim June-one, and bassist and synthesizer player Kang Hyuk-jun. They debuted in 2011 with the EP Disco Elevator, and released their first full-length album, Haute Couture, in 2012.
The Norrington Table is an annual ranking of the colleges of the University of Oxford based on a score computed from the proportions of undergraduate students earning each of the various degree classifications based on that year's final examinations.
The 61st edition of the Vuelta a Colombia was held from 12 to 26 June 2011. It was won by the Colombian cyclist Félix Cárdenas.
We Are Family is a 2010 Indian drama film directed by Siddharth Malhotra and produced by Hiroo Yash Johar and Karan Johar under Dharma Productions, with Sony Pictures Entertainment and UTV Motion Pictures handling the distribution rights. The film features Kajol, Kareena Kapoor and Arjun Rampal in the lead roles, and is an official remake of the 1998 film Stepmom. It was originally  scheduled for release on 10 September 2010, but because of the clash with Dabangg, it was advanced by one week and was released worldwide on 3 September 2010, and a day before in India and UAE. Upon release, it received positive reviews from critics, with Kajol and Kapoor's performances receiving critical acclaim.
Sankey Bridges railway station was in southwestern Warrington, England. It was located immediately west of a swing bridge over the Sankey Canal. The station site is to the south of Old Liverpool Road, Warrington.
The station was built and operated by the St Helens and Runcorn Gap Railway, which was absorbed into the London and North Western Railway from 1 August 1864. The line and station duly passed to the LMS at grouping and to London Midland Region of British Railways at nationalisation in 1948.
The 1922 timetable shows ten "Up" (towards Manchester) trains calling on "Weekdays" (Mondays to Saturdays.) Eight called at almost all stations between Liverpool Lime St and Manchester London Rd, as it then was, a journey of over 2 hours for the 37 miles via Warrington Bank Quay Low Level. Of the other two, one terminated at Warrington and the other at Altrincham."Down" services were similar. No trains called on Sundays.
The station closed on 26 Sept 1949.The station was demolished step by step over the following years. By 2010 only the eastbound platform was in place, under long grass.The line through the station continued in normal passenger use until 10 September 1962 when the Liverpool Lime St to Warrington via Widnes South service was withdrawn, though a lone late night Liverpool to York Postal continued to use the route until 9 September 1963, when it was diverted via Earlestown to reduce operating costs. Warrington Bank Quay Low Level remained open until 14 June 1965 but it is unclear what traffic this served along the route after the Postal was diverted.
In 2015 the tracks through the station site remained heavily used, primarily by trains to and from Fiddlers Ferry Power Station, though a few other booked freights and occasional diversions used the line through to Ditton Junction.
The Bate-Fenton House (or Bate's House) is a prominent heritage example of Canadian Victorian architecture situated on Embassy Row in  Sandy Hill, Ottawa near Strathcona Park. It was described as the "homestead property" of the influential Bate family.
Microcotyle isyebi is a species of monogenean, parasitic on the gills of a marine fish. It belongs to the family Microcotylidae.
Leslie Quirk (born 6 March 1965) is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s. He played at club level for Barrow, St. Helens and Whitehaven, as a wing, i.e. number 2 or 5.
PackageForge is a commercial graphical installation and packaging software tool for Symbian OS based smartphones. PackageForge allows developers to graphically create software installation packages that can be installed to a Symbian OS based phone. After installation a user can start using the installed software application.PackageForge works by providing a graphical interface towards the Symbian package definition files (.pkg). The developer provides information about the package, like the vendor, package name, version and what application files to include. After the package has been defined, the package is compiled and built into a Symbian installation file (.sis) which is then ready to be uploaded to the Nokia OVI store or for direct installation on a phone.The SIS installation files are used for installing Flash Lite, Python for S60, Symbian C/C++ or Qt for Symbian applications.
International Business Machines (IBM), nicknamed "Big Blue", is a multinational computer technology and IT consulting corporation headquartered in Armonk, New York, United States. IBM originated from the bringing together of several companies that worked to automate routine business transactions, including the first companies to build punched card based data tabulating machines and to build time clocks. In 1911, these companies were amalgamated into the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company (CTR).
Thomas J. Watson (1874–1956) joined the company in 1914 as General Manager and became its President in 1915. In 1924 the company changed its name to "International Business Machines." IBM expanded into electric typewriters and other office machines.  Watson was a salesman and concentrated on building a highly motivated, very well paid sales force that could craft solutions for clients unfamiliar with the latest technology. His motto was "THINK". Customers were advised to not "fold, spindle, or mutilate" the cardboard cards. IBM's first experiments with computers in the 1940s and 1950s were modest advances on the card-based system.  Its great breakthrough came in the 1960s with its System/360 family of mainframe computers. IBM offered a full range of hardware, software, and service agreements, so that users, as their needs grew, would stay with "Big Blue." Since most software was custom-written by in-house programmers and would run on only one brand of computers, it was too expensive to switch brands. Brushing off clone makers, and facing down a federal anti-trust suit, the giant sold reputation and security as well as hardware and was the most admired American corporation of the 1970s and 1980s.
The late 1980s and early 1990s were difficult for IBM – losses in 1993 exceeded $8 billion – as the mainframe giant failed to adjust quickly enough to the personal computer revolution. Desktop machines had the power needed and were vastly easier for both users and managers than multi-million-dollar mainframes.  IBM did introduce a popular line of microcomputers – but it was too popular. Clone makers undersold IBM, while the profits went to chip makers like Intel or software houses like Microsoft.
After a series of reorganizations, IBM remains one of the world's largest computer companies and systems integrators. With over 400,000 employees worldwide as of 2014, IBM holds more patents than any other U.S. based technology company and has twelve research laboratories worldwide. The company has scientists, engineers, consultants, and sales professionals in over 175 countries. IBM employees have earned five Nobel Prizes, four Turing Awards, five National Medals of Technology, and five National Medals of Science.
Pachydota nervosa is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It was described by Felder in 1874. It is found in Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador and Peru.
Major General Jaganath Rao Bhonsle, also known as Jagannathrao Krishnarao Bhonsle (20 April 1906 – 14 May 1963) was an Indian military officer, independence activist, and politician. As a member of the Indian National Army, Bhonsle served as the Azad Hind's minister for armed forces in the Azad Hind. After the war, he was a minister and MP in India after independence.Bhonsle was born in the village of Tiroda in Maharashtra, then part of the Bombay Presidency of the British Raj, and was a member of the Tirodkar Bhonsle royal family. He graduated from the Prince of Wales Royal Indian Military College at Dehradun in 1926 and then went to the Royal Military College Sandhurst, where on 2 February 1928 he was commissioned as a second lieutenant. He then spent a year attached to a British Army regiment in India before posting to his permanent British Indian Army unit on 12 April 1929, which was the 5th Royal Battalion of 5th Mahratta Light Infantry. He was promoted to lieutenant on 2 May 1930, and to captain on 2 February 1937. He fought at the Battle of Singapore and was taken as a prisoner of war after the Fall of Singapore.
He was one of the first volunteers to the First Indian National Army led by Mohan Singh, where was appointed as commander of the Hindustan Field Force. After this army collapsed due to disagreements with the Japanese, the Indian Independence League placed the remains of it under Mohammed Zaman Kiani as Army Commander and  Bhonsle as Director of the Military Bureau, which was in charge of the general policy and finances of the INA. After the formation of the second Indian National Army in 1943, led by Subhas Chandra Bose, Bhonsle became Chief of Staff and served in this position until the end of the war. When Bose flew to Tokyo in August 1945, Bhonsle was left in charge of the INA in Bangkok, where he was captured by British forces. After the fall of Japan in 1945, Bhonsle returned to Bombay, and founded the Indian Ex-Services Organisation, an organisation for Indian veterans of the World Wars. He would serve as its President until he was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1951.
Following Indian independence in 1947, Bhonsle was appointed Minister for Rehabilitation by Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru, helping Hindu immigrants from the newly-founded Pakistan find life in India. Working for the rehabilitation of the Sindhi migrant community, he was honoured by the Sindhi community and thanked for his work in an open letter. Bhonsle was also elected as Member of Parliament with a 40,940-vote landslide in the first Lok Sabha election, serving the Ratnagiri North electoral district of Bombay. He was the main proponent of the National Service Scheme, although he never lived to see it, for he would die 6 years before its establishment in 1969.
Pan Am Southern, LLC (reporting mark PAS) is a freight railroad jointly owned by Norfolk Southern Railway (NS) and Pan Am Railways (PAR) subsidiary Boston and Maine Corporation. PAS owns trackage known as the Patriot Corridor between Albany, New York, and the Boston, Massachusetts, area, utilizing rail lines formerly owned by the Fitchburg Railroad and later on the Boston and Maine Railroad. It is operated by PAR subsidiary Springfield Terminal Railway.
François Bourassa (born 26 September 1959, in Montreal) is a jazz pianist from Quebec. He is the son of Robert Bourassa.
His music is influenced by pianists such as Thelonious Monk, Brad Mehldau, and Chick Corea, as well as art music from the Classical and Romantic eras.
The Stroud by-election of 1931 was held on 21 May 1931.  The by-election was held due to the resignation of the incumbent Conservative MP, Sir Frank Nelson.  It was won by the Conservative candidate Walter Perkins.
Garth is a village in Bridgend County Borough, Wales. Garth is situated to the east of the town of Maesteg, and lies at the northernmost end of the Llynfi Valley. During the 19th century Garth was an industrial coal-mining village which contained its own colliery, the Garth Merthyr Colliery.
The following is a list of notable people associated with the Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference.
The 1998 King of the Ring was the sixth annual King of the Ring professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE) that featured the 12th King of the Ring tournament. It took place on June 28, 1998, at the Pittsburgh Civic Arena in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Nine matches were scheduled on the event's card. The main event was a First Blood match featuring Kane defeating Stone Cold Steve Austin for the WWF Championship. The other main match was a Hell in a Cell match featuring The Undertaker defeating Mankind. Featured matches on the undercard included the 1998 King of the Ring tournament final between Ken Shamrock and The Rock, which Shamrock won to win the tournament. Another prominent match was a tag team match for the WWF Tag Team Championship (which was only added to the card earlier that morning) between the New Age Outlaws defeating The Midnight Express, to retain the championship.
This event produced the best-known Hell in a Cell bout in history, pitting The Undertaker vs. Mankind; Michael Landsberg of TSN's Off the Record in 2002 called it "maybe the most famous match ever". Less than two minutes into the contest, The Undertaker threw Mankind from the top of the 16-foot (5 m) high cell through the Spanish announcers' table. The footage of that fall has since become one of the most used and viewed videos in professional wrestling history. A few minutes later in the match in another memorable moment, The Undertaker chokeslammed Mankind through the top of the cell, briefly knocking him legitimately unconscious.
Brunate (Comasco: Brunaa [bryˈnɑː]) is a town and comune in the province of Como in northern Italy, some 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Milan. It has some 1,800 residents, but is much more populated in summer, when tourists rent houses and apartments.
The town overlooks Como, which lies on the shore of Lake Como some 500 metres (1,600 ft) below. For a short time in the late 12th century Brunate was an independent commune, but in 1240 it reverted to the suzerainty of Como.
Como and Brunate are linked by a steep, narrow, winding road, and by the Como to Brunate funicular.
Alessandro Volta lived in Brunate for a short period – the Faro Voltiano lighthouse in the San Maurizio district, was built and named in his honour.  The Bulgarian poet Pencho Slaveykov died in the town on 10 June 1912.
Moussaka (, UK also , US also ) is an eggplant- or potato-based dish, often including ground meat, which is common in Egypt, the Balkans and the Middle East, with many local and regional variations.
The best-known version in Europe and the Americas is the Greek variant created in the 1920s by Nikolaos Tselementes.  Many versions have a top layer made of milk-based sauce thickened with egg (custard) or flour (béchamel sauce). In Greece, the dish is layered and typically served hot.
The versions in Egypt, Turkey and the Middle East are quite different. In Egypt, Messa'aa can be made vegan  or vegetarian as well as with meat; in all cases, the main ingredient is the fried eggplant. In Turkey, mussaka consists of thinly sliced and fried eggplant served in a tomato-based meat sauce, warm or at room temperature. In Saudi Arabia muṣagga‘a is eaten hot, but in other Arab countries, it is often eaten cold, but occasionally hot as well.
A hemispherical electron energy analyzer or hemispherical deflection analyzer is a type of electron energy spectrometer generally used for applications where high energy resolution is needed—different varieties of electron spectroscopy such as angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy (ARPES),  X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and Auger electron spectroscopy (AES) or in imaging applications such as photoemission electron microscopy (PEEM) and low-energy electron microscopy (LEEM).It consists of two concentric conductive hemispheres that serve as electrodes that bend the trajectories of the electrons entering a narrow slit at one end so that their final radii depend on their kinetic energy. The analyzer, therefore, provides a mapping from kinetic energies to positions on a detector.
Alvah T. Ramsdell (1852–1928) was an American architect from Dover, New Hampshire.  During his career he designed many substantial New Hampshire civic buildings.
Alvah Ramsdell was born April 15, 1852, in York, Maine.  He remained there until the age of 18, when he went to South Berwick to learn the carpenter's trade.  There, he served a three-year apprenticeship with William A. McIntyre.  He stayed for three more years, before going to Boston.  There he was employed by several notable contractors, and was kept busy with construction supervision.  It was at this time that he took up architecture, studying drawing and design in the city's night schools.In 1889, Ramsdell went north to Dover, where he opened his own office.  He worked as an architect until he was elected state Senator.  By the time of his retirement, Ramsdell was Dover's leading architect.  He died in 1928.
He designed several buildings which are presently on the National Register of Historic Places.
Nikolay Mihaylov (Bulgarian: Николай Михайлов, born 8 April 1988) is a Bulgarian racing cyclist, who last rode for UCI Continental team Efapel. He rode at the 2014 UCI Road World Championships.
Monardella beneolens is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name sweet-smelling monardella.
Loza is a village and municipality (obec) in Plzeň-North District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.
The municipality covers an area of 3.72 square kilometres (1.44 sq mi), and has a population of 259 (as at 3 July 2006).
Loza lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Plzeň and 84 km (52 mi) west of Prague.
Smile...You're Under Arrest! is a reality television series on the Fox Reality Channel. On the show, individuals with outstanding felony warrants are lured into police custody using various fake scenarios.The series consisted of 3 episodes, the first of which aired on December 27, 2008. The show was mentioned on episode 23 of the 4th Season of Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
Sault Ste. Marie ( SOO-seint-ma-REE) is a city at the St. Marys River in Ontario, Canada, close to the Canada–US border. It is the seat of the Algoma District and the third largest city in Northern Ontario, after Sudbury and Thunder Bay.
The Ojibwe, the indigenous Anishinaabe inhabitants of the area, call this area Baawitigong, meaning "place of the rapids." They used this as a regional meeting place during whitefish season in the St. Mary's Rapids. (The anglicized form of this name, Bawating, is used in institutional and geographic names in the area.)
To the south, across the river, is the United States and the Michigan city of the same name. These two communities were one city until a new treaty after the War of 1812 established the border between Canada and the United States in this area at the St. Mary's River. In the 20th century, the two cities are joined by the International Bridge, which connects Interstate 75 on the Michigan side, and Huron Street (and former Ontario Secondary Highway 550B) on the Ontario side. Shipping traffic in the Great Lakes system bypasses the Saint Mary's Rapids via the American Soo Locks, the world's busiest canal in terms of tonnage that passes through it, while smaller recreational and tour boats use the Canadian Sault Ste. Marie Canal.
French colonists referred to the rapids on the river as Les Saults de Ste. Marie and the village name was derived from that. The rapids and cascades of the St. Mary's River descend more than 6 m (20 ft) from the level of Lake Superior to the level of the lower lakes. Hundreds of years ago, this slowed shipping traffic, requiring an overland portage of boats and cargo from one lake to the other.  The entire name translates to "Saint Mary's Rapids" or "Saint Mary's Falls". The word sault is pronounced [so] in French, and  in the English pronunciation of the city name. Residents of the city are called Saultites.Sault Ste. Marie is bordered to the east by the Rankin Reserve (of Batchewana First Nation) and Garden River First Nation reserves, and to the west by Prince Township. To the north, the city is bordered by an unincorporated portion of Algoma District, which includes the local services boards of Aweres, Batchawana Bay, Goulais and District, Peace Tree and Searchmont. The city's census agglomeration, including the townships of Laird, Prince and Macdonald, Meredith and Aberdeen Additional and the First Nations reserves of Garden River and Rankin, had a total population of 79,800 in 2011.
Native American settlements, mostly of Ojibwe-speaking peoples, existed here for more than 500 years. In the late 17th century, French Jesuit missionaries established a mission at the First Nations village. This was followed by development of a fur trading post and larger settlement, as traders, trappers and Native Americans were attracted to the community. It was considered one community and part of Canada until after the War of 1812 and settlement of the border between Canada and the US at the Ste. Mary's River. At that time, the US prohibited British traders from operating in its territory any longer, and the areas separated by the river began to develop as two communities, both named Sault Ste. Marie.
Hollywood Park, later sold and referred to as Betfair Hollywood Park, was a thoroughbred race course located in Inglewood, California, about 3 miles (5 km) from Los Angeles International Airport and adjacent to the Forum indoor arena. In 1994, Hollywood Park Casino, with a poker card room, was added to the racetrack complex. Horse racing and training were shut down in December 2013 though the casino operations continued until a new state of the art casino building opened in October 2016.The track was demolished in stages from 2014 until 2016 and the area is now the site of a master planned neighborhood in development named Hollywood Park after the former track. The most prominent parts of the development are SoFi Stadium, home of the Los Angeles Rams and Los Angeles Chargers of the National Football League (NFL), YouTube Theater, a 6,000-seat performance arts venue, Hollywood Park Casino, and the NFL Los Angeles building, which is home to the NFL Network, NFL RedZone, NFL.com, and the NFL app.
Advihir is a village in Motala taluka  of Buldhana district and is 5 km east of Motala on Nandura–Motala road (MH SH 196).
As of 1976 Gazette, Advihir had around 2217 acres of agriculture land and 923 agriculturist in 569 houses. Advihir is one of the milk providing towns in Buldhana district. Around 5000 to 12000 liters of milk are exported daily from Advihir. 
Nandura and Malkapur are nearby railway stations. There is a primary and secondary school in the village. There are nine temples in the village.
The First Leake Ministry was the third Ministry of the Government of Western Australia and was led by Premier George Leake, who had hitherto been the Leader of the Opposition. It succeeded the Throssell Ministry on 27 May 1901 after George Throssell's resignation as premier following the inconclusive result of the April 1901 state election.
On Saturday 9 November 1901 at shortly before 5:00am, a vote of no confidence in the Ministry passed by 24 votes to 22. Leake advised the Governor to dissolve Parliament, but the request was declined and on 12 November, Leake advised the Legislative Assembly that as soon as the Supply Bill had passed a third reading, his government would resign.
On 21 November 1901, following a failed attempt by Frederick Henry Piesse to form a ministry, the First Leake Ministry officially resigned and was followed by the Morgans Ministry led by Alf Morgans.
Neocollyris horsfieldi is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by William Macleay in 1825. N. horsfieldi is found in Indonesia and was named for Thomas Horsfield, an American naturalist who had worked extensively in that country.
Nobuchika "Shinkin" Sugimura (杉村 信近, Nobuchika Sugimura) was a Japanese inventor and patent attorney.  He was the first chairman of the Japan Patent Attorneys Association.
A Gifted Man is an American fantasy medical drama television series that premiered on CBS on September 23, 2011. The series is about a talented but self-absorbed surgeon (Patrick Wilson) who starts questioning his purpose in life when he is visited by the spirit of his deceased ex-wife (Jennifer Ehle). The pilot episode was directed by Jonathan Demme, who also served as an executive producer on the show along with writer Susannah Grant. The first thirteen episodes were aired in the Friday 8:00 p.m. timeslot (September 23, 2011 – February 10, 2012), while the final three episodes of the 16 episode season order were aired in the Friday 9:00 p.m. timeslot (February 17, 2012 – March 2, 2012).
On May 10, 2012, CBS canceled the series after one season.
"Born to Raise Hell" is a song by the British heavy metal band Motörhead. Originally written by Lemmy Kilmister for the German band Skew Siskin, it plays over the opening credits of the 1994 film Airheads in which Lemmy makes a cameo appearance.
The song was released as a single in November 1994, featuring Lemmy, Ice-T and Ugly Kid Joe lead singer Whitfield Crane. The single features a radio edit, the original Bastards album version and the Dust Brothers Live and Funky Mix. A special 12" vinyl picture disc pressing was made, using the same picture as the CD single release.This version was recorded in addition to the previous recordings of "Hellraiser" and "Hell on Earth", as a last minute job to play over the end credits of the Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth film, although it didn't appear on the film's original soundtrack album.At 2016's Bloodstock Open Air Festival, Phil Campbell & The Bastard Sons (formerly The Phil Campbell All Starr Band) covered the track with guest vocals from Twisted Sister's Dee Snider as a tribute to Lemmy.A small excerpt was used in the 2019 film Fighting with My Family.
Weronika Wedler (born July 17, 1989, in Wrocław) is a Polish sprint athlete. She won several medals with the Polish 4 × 100 metres relay team.
The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Namibia.
Jundiaí do Sul is a municipality in the state of Paraná in the Southern Region of Brazil.
Limnozetidae is a family of mites belonging to the order Sarcoptiformes.Genera:
The Liberal Republican Right (Derecha Liberal Republicana) was a Spanish political party led by Niceto Alcalá Zamora, which combined immediately with the incipient republican formation of Miguel Maura just before the Pact of San Sebastián, of which they formed a part, as Alcalá Zamora was elected president of the Provisional Government of the Republic. After the proclamation of the republic, it participated in the 1931 general election among the lists of the combined republican-socialist coalition, receiving 22 seats.In August 1931, the party changed its name to the "Progressive Republican Party" (Partido Republicano Progresista). During the constitutional discussions, the progressives, together with the radicals of Lerroux abandoned the republican-socialist coalition. A little later, in January 1932, its right wing, led by Miguel Maura, split off, taking 13 of the delegates of the party to the Conservative Republican Party (Partido Republicano Conservador). The party disappeared at the beginning of the Spanish Civil War.
Bahirghat is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
Sarteneja is the largest fishing community and the second largest village in Belize. It recorded a population of 3,500 according to a 2016 estimate. The name Sarteneja is a Castilian distortion of its original Mayan name Tza-ten-a-ha, which means 'water between the rocks'.
Sarteneja is on the Sarteneja Peninsula, approximately forty miles by road from Orange Walk Town and is near the privately owned Shipstern Conservation & Management Area. The village's economy is based primarily on fishing for lobster, conch, and finfish. There are many farmers, particularly retired fishermen who farm. Tourism is becoming increasingly significant as a source of income or at least as another alternative livelihood for those who no longer fish.
Most of Sarteneja's inhabitants are of Yucatec Maya and Mestizo ancestry..
Greasers are a youth subculture that emerged in the  1950s and early 1960s from predominantly working class and lower class teenagers and young adults in the United States. The subculture remained prominent into the mid-1960s and was particularly embraced by certain ethnic groups in urban areas, particularly Italian Americans and Latino Americans.
Yusuke Matsuo (松尾 佑介, Matsuo Yusuke, born 23 July 1997) is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Yokohama FC of J1 League.
Michael Norman Carter (born February 18, 1948) is a former wide receiver in the National Football League.
"One of Twins" is a short story by American Civil War soldier, wit, and writer Ambrose Bierce exploring a telepathic connection between the twins. It was first published in The San Francisco Examiner on October 28, 1888 and was included in Bierce's 1893 collection of supernatural tales Can Such Things Be?
Pedro Montañez (April 24, 1914 – June 26, 1996) was a boxer from Cayey, Puerto Rico.  Also known as El Torito De Cayey (The Little Bull of Cayey), he has been considered by many to be one of the best boxers in history never to win a world title.  In his career, he was 92–7–4.
Carlos Droguett (14 October 1912 – 30 July 1996) was a Chilean writer. In 1970 he won the Chilean National Prize for Literature and the Premio Alfaguara de Novela.
Mary Katherine Gallagher is a fictional character invented and portrayed by Saturday Night Live cast member Molly Shannon from 1995 to 2001. She was considered the first breakout character from the new 1995 cast and a significant marker of the increased influence of women writers on the show in the 1990s. Shannon portrayed the character in a 1999 film, Superstar, and she also reprised the role when she hosted Saturday Night Live in 2007. Shannon first created an early version of the character when she was in school at NYU, during a comedy show directed by Madeleine Olnek.
Marius Weyers (born 3 February 1945, in Johannesburg) is a South African actor. He lives with his wife Yvette, an artist in her own right, in Rooi-Els in the Western Cape. He received international attention playing Andrew Steyn, a bumbling scientist in the movie The Gods Must Be Crazy (1980). He appeared in Blood Diamond (2006).
Sherlock Holmes has long been a popular character for pastiche, Holmes-related work by authors and creators other than Arthur Conan Doyle.
and stories inspired by Sherlock Holmes but which do not include Holmes himself.
George Frederick Weston (2 February 1925 – 25 July 2009) was an English physicist and author. He is best known for his work associated with cold cathode glow discharge devices, and has published over a dozen papers and a book dealing with the subject. In 1956, Weston took leadership of a small group of physicists, investigating cold cathode tubes, which gained a reputation as one of the foremost research units in the field. George Weston has a MSc degree and is a Fellow of the Institute of Physics.
Michael Bunluen Mansap (Thai: บุญเลื่อน หมั้นทรัพย์; April 2, 1929 – December 2, 2010) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ubon Ratchathani, Thailand.
Ordained in 1951, Bunluen Mansap was named bishop of the Ubon Ratchathani Diocese in 1976. Bishop Mansap retired from overseeing the diocese in 2006.  He died on December 2, 2010 at Bangkok hospital.  Bunluen Mansap was 81 years old.
Joseph Barth (28 October 1746 – 7 April 1818) was a Maltese-born Austrian ophthalmologist.  He is believed to have been the first professor of ophthalmology.
Westhoughton Mill or Rowe and Dunscough's Mill, in Mill Street in Westhoughton, near Bolton in the historic county of Lancashire, was the site of a Luddite arson attack in 1812. The mill was built in 1804 by Richard Johnson Lockett, a Macclesfield man who lived at Westhoughton Hall.  He leased the mill to Thomas Rowe of Manchester in 1808.
During 1811 and 1812 Luddites had been attacking powered mills throughout the English North and Midlands to such an effect that the government in February 1812 passed the Frame Breaking Act making the damaging of powered looms punishable by death. Skilled weavers lost their livelihoods when production moved from a domestic system to new manufactories causing severe hardship and unrest among the workers. Unemployed weavers joined the Luddites believing their only hope was to destroy the machines. The government repressed rebellion by punishing offenders severely. In 1812 Luddite disorder around Manchester reached its peak.On Friday 28 April, a large crowd of weavers and mechanics gathered in Westhoughton with the intention of destroying the power looms in Rowe and Dunscough's Mill. The Scots Greys, deployed in Bolton by the government to quell unrest, were sent for but all was quiet when the contingent arrived and they returned to their quarters. Soon after they left, the factory and its contents were set alight and when the military returned the premises were destroyed and the culprits had disappeared. Some rioters gathered in the village in the evening demanding food and drink or money and the military was recalled and the Riot Act was read. Information about the ringleaders was collected and 24 men were arrested and sent for trial at Lancaster Assizes. Some were discharged but, "for having wilfully and maliciously set on fire and burnt a Weaving Mill, Warehouse and Loom Shop in the possession of Thomas Rowe and Thomas Dunscough at Westhoughton", Job Fletcher, James Smith, Thomas Kerfoot and Abraham Charlson, were sentenced to death and hanged and nine men were transported. After the Luddite act, manufacturers avoided the township until Chadwick's Silk Mill was built in the early 1850s. Westhoughton Hall was attacked at the same time.According to James Thomas Staton's account of the incident in The Brunnin' o' Westhowtun Factory (1857), government spies were embedded among the workers and the mill's management had set a trap to ensnare discontent workers by inciting violence among them; some researchers believe this scenario to have been likely.The mill was rebuilt after the attack and converted to a corn mill, until it was bought in 1840 by Peter Ditchfield, a cotton manufacturer who restored it to a cotton mill. On his death in 1854 the mill, by then employing some 40 people, passed to his son, Peter Ditchfield, jnr. After many years of spinning cotton and making flock, production ceased and the mill stood empty. It was eventually demolished in 1912 and the site is still (2017) a vacant lot.
A Phlyax play (Ancient Greek: φλύαξ, also phlyakes), also known as a hilarotragedy, was a burlesque dramatic form that developed in the Greek colonies of Magna Graecia in the 4th century BCE. Its name derives from the Phlyakes or “Gossip Players” in Doric Greek. From the surviving titles of the plays they appear to have been a form of mythological burlesque, which mixed figures from the Greek pantheon with the stock characters and situations of Attic New Comedy.
Only five authors of the genre are known by name: Rhinthon and Sciras of Taranto, Blaesus of Capri, Sopater of Paphos and Heraklides. The plays themselves survive only as titles and a few fragments. A substantial body of South Italian vases are thought to represent scenes of the phlyakes, giving rise to much speculation on Greek stagecraft and dramatic form.
Kramers Ergot is a series of anthology-style books of comic art edited by Sammy Harkham.
Born in Los Angeles and raised in Canada, she is the daughter of Cameron Mitchell and trained at the University of British Columbia, Vancouver and at The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama, London. She studied documentary filmmaking at Capilano University and pursued her MFA at Loyola Marymount University's School of TV and Film.
Her work onstage, including the Shaw and Stratford Festivals, has been critically acclaimed and she has won one of Canada's Jessie Awards for her performance as Ariel in The Tempest.A 2021 Leo Award Nominee for Supporting Lead in a Television Film for  "Ships in the Night", she is perhaps best known on television for her role as Sheriff Nancy Adams on Smallville, for which she was nominated for a Leo Award for Best Supporting Performance by a Female in a Dramatic Series. For her recurring role on ABC's "Somewhere Between", she received a 2018 Leo Award nomination and she has been nominated for a 2019 Leo for Best Guest Performance by a Female in a Dramatic Series for her performance in "Van Helsing: I Awake". As a writer/director, her short films, A Mother's Love and "By The Fountain" have earned several international accolades.
Epsilon Scorpii (ε Scorpii, abbreviated Eps Sco, ε Sco), formally named Larawag , is a star in the southern zodiac constellation of Scorpius. It has an apparent visual magnitude of +2.3, making it the fifth-brightest member of the constellation. Parallax measurements made during the Hipparcos mission provide an estimated distance to this star of around 63.7 light-years (19.5 parsecs) from the Sun.Epsilon Scorpii has a stellar classification of K1 III, which indicates it has exhausted the supply of hydrogen at its core and evolved into a giant star. The interferometry-measured angular diameter of this star, after correcting for limb darkening, is 5.99 ± 0.06 mas, which, at its estimated distance, equates to a physical radius of nearly 13 times the radius of the Sun. Presently it is generating energy through the nuclear fusion of helium at its core, which, considering the star's composition, places it along an evolutionary branch termed the red clump. The star's outer atmosphere has an effective temperature of 4,560 K, giving it the orange hue of a cool K-type star.
ε Scorpii is classified as a suspected variable star, although a study of Hipparcos photometry showed a variation of no more than 0.01–0.02 magnitudes. It is an X-ray source with a luminosity of (1.5–1.6) × 1027 erg s−1.
Gomai Dam, is an earthfill dam on Gomai river near Shahada, Nandurbar district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The Overton Formation is a geologic formation in England. It preserves fossils dating back to the Silurian period.
JDS Harushio (SS-563), an  Asashio-class submarine launched in 1967 and struck in 1984.
JDS Harushio (SS-583), a  Harushio-class submarine launched in 1989 and struck in 2009.
Belfastada is the name given to the military uprising against the Miguelist regime in Portugal as part of the Liberal Wars, that was triggered off in June and July 1828 in Porto, with the landing of a group of liberal exiles coming in from England aboard the Belfast ship (hence the name given to the event).The leaders of the expedition were Pedro de Sousa Holstein and João Carlos de Saldanha.
This liberal offensive was unsuccessful, so the Liberals were forced to take refuge on the ship and go back to England.
Samuel Laurence Gouverneur (1799 – September 29, 1865) was a lawyer and civil servant who was both nephew and son-in-law to James Monroe, the fifth President of the United States.
Audrey Bettie Blignault (July 6, 1916 – October 1, 2008) was a South African writer.
Koryfi (Greek: Κορυφή meaning pointy) is a community located in the Tsotyli municipal unit, situated in Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia.
Archbishop Marcel Honorat Léon Agboton (born 16 January 1941 in Avrankou) is a retired Beninese Roman Catholic archbishop, the Archbishop Emeritus of Cotonou.
Zmeitsa (Bulgarian: Змейца) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria. It is located in the municipality of Dospat, Smolyan Province.
Ivaylo Ivanov (Bulgarian: Ивайло Иванов; born 8 December 1974) is a former Bulgarian football goalkeeper, who works as goalkeeper coach for youth team CSKA Sofia.
Ernest J. "Goof" Bowyer (October 2, 1903 – May 19, 1988) was a college football player and coach.
Pacificulla callisomata is a moth in the family Lecithoceridae. It was described by Kyu-Tek Park in 2013. It is endemic to New Guinea.
The women's 4 × 100 metres relay event at the 1981 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadionul Naţional in Bucharest on 26 July 1981.
On 7 February 1981, a Tupolev Tu-104 passenger jet crashed during take off from Pushkin Airport near Leningrad (today's Saint Petersburg), Russia, resulting in the death of all 50 people on board, including 28 high-ranking Soviet military personnel. The official investigation concluded that the aircraft was improperly loaded.
The 2003 Lafayette Leopards football team represented Lafayette College in the 2003 NCAA Division I-AA football season. The team was led by Frank Tavani, in his fourth season as head coach. The Leopards finished sixth out of eight in the Patriot League. 
The Leopards played their home games at Fisher Field in Easton, Pennsylvania. All games were televised on Leopard Sports Network (LSN).
Mahesh Neelkanth Buch was an Indian civil servant and urban planner, considered by many as the architect of modern Bhopal. The Government of India honored him, in 2011, with Padma Bhushan, the third highest civilian award, for his services to the nation.
The GCR Class 11E was a type of 4-4-0 steam locomotive used by the Great Central Railway for express passenger services. Ten were built in the railway's own workshops at Gorton, Manchester during 1913; they remained in service until the mid-1950s.
The 1899 Utah Agricultural Aggies football team was an American football team that represented Utah Agricultural College (later renamed Utah State University) during the 1899 college football season. In their first season under head coach Willard Langton, the Aggies compiled a 1–0 record.On November 4, 1899, the team defeated Brigham Young College by an 11–5 score before a crowd of 500 spectators at Logan, Utah. The game was played in 20-minute halves. Bowen scored a touchdown for the Aggies after four minutes had been played, and the attempt at kick for goal was unsuccessful.  William Nelson scored the Aggies' second touchdown in the second half, and Laughney kicked the goal from touchdown.
Olden Church (Norwegian: Olden kyrkje) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Stryn Municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Olden on the north end of the Oldedalen valley. It is the church for the Olden parish which is part of the Nordfjord prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The red, wooden church was built in a long church design in 1934 using plans drawn up by the architect Daniel J. Muri. The church seats about 500 people.
The women's 5000 meter at the 2010 KNSB Dutch Single Distance Championships took place in Heerenveen at the Thialf ice skating rink on Sunday 1 November 2009. Although this tournament was held in 2009, it was part of the 2009–2010 speed skating season.
There were 10 participants. There was a qualification selection incentive for the next following 2009–10 ISU Speed Skating World Cup tournaments.
The Gates of Tashkent, in present-day Uzbekistan, were built around the town at the close of the 10th century, but did not survive to the present. The last gate was destroyed in 1890 as a result of the growth of the city, but some of the districts in Tashkent still bear the names of these gates.
The 2021 Women's Ric Charlesworth Classic was the 2nd edition of the women's Ric Charlesworth Classic, an Australian field hockey competition organised by Hockey WA. It was held from 5–14 March 2021 in Perth, Australia.The Breakers won the tournament for the first time, defeating the Outbacks 4–1 in the final. The Suns finished in third place, defeating the Highlanders 3–1 in the third place playoff.
Frans Pietersz de Grebber (1573 – c. 1649) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Bodotria scorpioides is a species of crustacean belonging to the order Cumacea. They are found in the East Atlantic, the Mediterranean and the Black Sea. B. scorpioides does not possess a free telson. The first thoracic somite is too short to be seen from above, the second is longer. Both males and females have exopods (outer branches) on the first pereopods only.
Diman (Persian: ديمان, also Romanized as Dīmān; also known as Damānī) is a village in Dursun Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 390, in 104 families.
Vikas Kalantri is a Hindi actor who has done films such as Dil Bechara Pyaar Ka Mara, where he appeared alongside actor Mallika Kapoor and others. He has also done films such as Nayee Padosan and Jigyaasa.
Fear Thy Neighbor is an American-Canadian true crime documentary television series which premiered on April 14, 2014 on the Investigation Discovery channel.  The narrator for the series is voice actress Tish Iceton.The series is an international co-production between the Canadian factual production company Cream Productions, the American cable television network Investigation Discovery, its Canadian version and the French-language Canadian documentary television channel Canal D, which would later be replaced by its crime-focused spinoff Canal D/Investigation, later known as Investigation), with Bell Media, as the owner of Canal D, Investigation and Investigation Discovery Canada, producing the series for Investigation Discovery Canada and Investigation (previously for Canal D) as the parent company of both these channels via their original programming production unit.
The show focuses on various feuds between neighbors, starting over often minor issues (dog bites, noise complaints, property disputes) which escalate into tragedies.On December 31, 2020, Investigation Discovery premiered a spinoff series, Fear Thy Roommate, in which people are threatened or killed by their roommates in college dorms, apartments, etc.  Season 7 of "Fear Thy Neighbor" began on February 26, 2021, with the episode which is titled "Hell In Hawaii."
Mosaics is a live album by composer/bassist Graham Collier which was originally released on the British Philips label in 1971.
Colby-Jack, or Co-jack/Cojack, is an American cheese made from Colby and Monterey Jack. It is classified as semi-hard in texture and is mild due to its two-week aging process. It is generally sold in a full-moon or a half-moon shape when it is young.  The flavor of Colby-Jack is mild to mellow. Colby-Jack cheese is mainly produced in the states of Wisconsin and California. It is used in various dishes or as a topping to be melted. These dishes include burgers, pasta bakes, macaroni and cheese, casseroles and so on.  It is predominantly used in America as it is an American cheese. Internationally, Colby-Jack is not readily available.
A viral tegument or tegument, more commonly known as a viral matrix, is a cluster of proteins that lines the space between the envelope and nucleocapsid of all herpesviruses. The tegument generally contains proteins that aid in viral DNA replication and evasion of the immune response, typically with inhibition of signalling in the immune system and activation of interferons. The tegument is usually released shortly after infection into the cytoplasm. These proteins are usually formed within the late phase of the viral infectious cycle, after viral genes have been replicated. Much information regarding viral teguments has been gathered from studying herpes simplex virus.
The PNR 2500 Class is a class of 43 GE U10B Diesel Electric Locomotives first introduced in 1965 with the delivery of the first 13 locomotives of the class. The locomotives were previously used for long haul services in the PNR North Main Line and the PNR South Main Line.
The North Rustico Harbour Light  is an active  lighthouse on the central north coast of Prince Edward Island, Canada. The station was established in 1876 and the lighthouse itself was built in 1899. It is still active, and has a focal plane of 12.5 m (41 ft); and a yellow light, 5 seconds on, 5 seconds off. The tower itself is 10 m (34 ft) high with a square pyramidal wood tower with lantern and gallery.
Manuel Jorge Aranda da Silva, a national of Mozambique, is a former minister in the Mozambican Government, and a former senior United Nations official with a background in the World Food Programme.
In 2004, he was appointed to serve as United Nations Resident Coordinator and Humanitarian Coordinator in the Sudan, thereby becoming the most senior United Nations official in the country, in charge of humanitarian aid and development besides the political Special Representative of the Secretary-General, a function then covered by Jan Pronk.
During his mandate, Mr. Aranda da Silva was notable for pushing forward the 2006 Darfur peace process, which he saw essential in light of humanitarian imperatives.Although he maintained good relations with the Government of Sudan (and did not become persona non grata as happened to SRSG Jan Pronk), he was very outspoken, whenever the Government violated its agreements and commitments in terms of humanitarian access.
Anomalosa is a genus of spiders in the family Lycosidae. It was first described in 1960 by Roewer. As of 2017, it contains 2 Australian species.
Soai University (相愛大学, Sōai Daigaku) is a private university in the city of Osaka, Japan. It was established in 1888, initially as a women's university.
Famous people with ties to Soai include alumni Hideo Ishikawa, Haruko Okamoto, Mihoko Shuku and Yasuhito Sugiyama.
Prairie-Masker is a radiated noise reduction system fitted to some western warships, including the Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigates, Spruance and Arleigh Burke-class destroyers, and the Ticonderoga-class cruisers of the US Navy.  The system was also installed during the 1960s on a limited number of post WWII Guppy III modified, and later diesel submarines.The Masker and Prairie systems are designed to prevent the classification or identification of a warship's acoustic signature by another vessel, i.e. by a hostile submarine. Instead of hearing machinery, the ship sounds similar to rain on passive sonar.   The Masker portion of the system is installed onto the hull of a vessel, usually near its machinery spaces. The Prairie portion of the system is designed to silence the vessel's propellers. Originally classified top secret, these systems are now used by several countries as part of their antisubmarine warfare systems.
The Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (or Maharashtra PCC) is the state unit of the Indian National Congress for the state of Maharashtra. The head office of the organization is situated in Dadar, Mumbai and administrative office in Colaba Causeway, Mumbai
Yonas Andebrhan Kifle  (born 5 November 1977) is an Eritrean runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres, the marathon and cross-country running. He has represented Eritrea at the Olympics on four occasions; in 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012. He has also competed at World Championship-level in cross country, road running, and on the track indoors and outdoors.
He was the bronze medallist in the half marathon at the 2007 All-Africa Games and the 2005 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships. His personal bests include 59:30 minutes for the half marathon and 2:07:34 hours for the marathon (an Eritrean record).
Ali Iqtidar Shah Dara (April 1, 1915 – January 16, 1981) was an Indian and later Pakistani field hockey player and the longest-serving hockey manager who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and  the 1948 Summer Olympics.In 1936, he was a member of the Indian field hockey team, which won the gold medal at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He played two matches as forward. "Dara played in the hockey team at Berlin in 1936 when an undivided India won the gold, defeating the home team Germany (8-1). Sitting in the VIP stand was Chancellor Adolf Hitler, leader of the Nazi party ruling Germany."Dara was also a serving officer in the Indian Army. His army regiment was sent to Malaysia during the Second World War, where Dara was captured.In 1947, British India was divided into India and Pakistan. Dara, who hailed from West Punjab province of undivided India, opted to live in Pakistan.Twelve years later he participated in the 1948 tournament for Pakistan as the team captain. Dara was easily the best choice to construct and lead Pakistan's Hockey team to 1948 Summer Olympics.   He played all seven matches as forward. They faced Holland in the match for third place, which the two teams drew with a goal each. This match was replayed later, during which Pakistan was defeated 4-1, leaving them in 4th place.Dara was the manager of the Pakistan Hockey Team at 1976 Montreal Olympic Games where Pakistan won the bronze medal.
Kępno County (Polish: powiat kępiński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Kępno, which lies 144 kilometres (89 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
The county covers an area of 608.39 square kilometres (234.9 sq mi). As of 2006 its total population is 55,335, out of which the population of Kępno is 14,710 and the rural population is 40,625.
The Barlow House, on Danville Rd. in Garrard County, Kentucky, near Lancaster, is a Greek Revival-style house built c.1850.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It is a two-story three-bay frame and log house.  It was deemed "One of the county's best examples of the mid 19th
Edward Arthur Albrecht (February 28, 1929 – December 29, 1979) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball, 1949 and 1950, for the St. Louis Browns.
In 1949, at the age of 20, Albrecht earned his shot at the majors by having a record-breaking season in what was then the Class C Cotton States League. Pitching for the Pine Bluff Judges, Albrecht won 29 games and struck out 389 batters, both all-time records for the league. The Browns called him up to make a start for them on the last day of the season, in which he earned his one and only major league win. Albrecht pitched in two games for the Browns in 1950 before returning to the minors, retiring in 1953.
In an odd statistical coincidence, Albrecht's ERA in both of his major league seasons was exactly the same as his career ERA of 5.40.
The oriental trumpeter whiting, Sillago aeolus, is a widely distributed species of benthic inshore fish in the smelt-whiting family. The species ranges from east Africa to Japan, inhabiting much if the southern Asian and Indonesian coastlines. Its morphology is very similar to other species within the genus Sillago, with a long, compressed body and silvery overall colour. It can be distinguished from its relatives by colour patterns and particularly swim bladder morphology, which helps define most species of Sillago. S aeolus is a benthic predator, consuming a variety of crustaceans and polychaetes. As with most members of the smelt whiting family, it is important to small coastal fisheries in various areas of its range.
The 2021 Buffalo Bills–Kansas City Chiefs Divisional Round playoff game,  was a National Football League (NFL) game held on January 23, 2022, as part of the 2021–22 NFL playoffs. The Kansas City Chiefs defeated the visiting Buffalo Bills 42–36 to advance to the AFC Championship Game. Noted for its quarterback duel between Buffalo's Josh Allen and Kansas City's Patrick Mahomes, it was the first NFL game where both quarterbacks threw for at least 300 yards, three touchdowns, and no interceptions and rushed for at least 50 yards.The game had four lead changes and 25 points scored in the final two minutes of regulation, the second-most among games in the Super Bowl era. The Chiefs did not trail until the fourth quarter when Allen threw a go-ahead touchdown pass with under two minutes remaining. Mahomes responded with a 64-yard touchdown pass to regain the lead with less than a minute remaining, but Buffalo's next possession ended in another touchdown pass from Allen. With 13 seconds left, Mahomes was able to drive the Chiefs 44 yards into field goal range, which allowed placekicker Harrison Butker to send the game to overtime. In overtime, the Chiefs won the coin toss and scored a touchdown on their possession to secure the 42–36 victory. The game also saw Bills wide receiver Gabriel Davis set the NFL record for receiving touchdowns in a playoff game at four.Commentators hailed the performance of both teams and called it one of the greatest playoff games in modern NFL history. The game is also known as the 13 Seconds, both in Buffalo and Kansas City; the name comes from the time elapsed on the Chiefs' game-tying drive. The game was an example of Buffalo's history of narrow playoff losses.
Thant Wai Kyaw (Burmese: သန့်ဝေကျော်) is a Burmese politician who currently serves as a member of parliament in the Sagaing Region Hluttaw for Kale Township No. 1 Constituency. She is a member of the National League for Democracy.
NGC 4625 is a distorted dwarf galaxy in the constellation Canes Venatici.  The galaxy is formally classified as a Sm galaxy, which means that its structure vaguely resembles the structure of spiral galaxies.  The galaxy is sometimes referred to as a Magellanic spiral because of its resemblance to the Magellanic clouds.
Adjumani General Hospital, also Adjumani Hospital, is a hospital in Adjumani Town, Adjumani District, in the Northern Region of Uganda. It is a public hospital, owned by the Ugandan Government and is administered by the Uganda Ministry of Health.
John Joseph Garstka (born February 20, 1961) is the  acting CISO for acquisition and sustainment at the Department of Defense
Nada Martinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Нада Мартиновић, Serbian pronunciation: [nada martǐːnoʋit͡ɕ]; born August 11, 1967) is a Serbian and American music pedagogue, conductor and researcher from Cleveland, Ohio.
Born-alive abortion, is a rare situation when a failed induced abortion attempt of the fetus leads to live birth of an infant. The infants born this way are sometimes referred to as abortion survivors. It should not be confused with post abortion survivor syndrome.
USJ 21 is a light rapid transit station in USJ 21 of UEP Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia. The station is located near Main Place Mall. The station serves the nearby USJ 17, USJ 18 and USJ 21 neighbourhoods.
It is operated under the Kelana Jaya LRT system network as found in the station signage. Like most other LRT stations operating in Klang Valley, this station is elevated.
The Missiri Mosque is a former French military community center inspired by sub-Saharan Islamic architecture. It was constructed in 1928–1930 for the Senegalese Tirailleurs based in military camps in Fréjus, southern France. Although its appearance evokes that of a mosque, its purpose and uses remained secular.
The building was included in the supplementary inventory of French historic monuments on 18 June 1987.
Murray Farquhar OBE (7 July 1918 – 3 December 1993) was an Australian jurist.  He was the Chief Stipendiary Magistrate of New South Wales between 1971 and 1977. 
Farquhar was born in Broken Hill, New South Wales. He attended Broken Hill High School and served in the Australian Army in the Second World War. After his military service, he studied law, practised as a solicitor and was appointed a magistrate in 1962. He was appointed Chief Stipendiary Magistrate in 1971.He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (Military Division) in January 1967.A Royal Commission conducted by Sir Laurence Street into the alleged involvement of both Farquhar and Premier of New South Wales Neville Wran in the acquittal of former head of the Australian Rugby League, Kevin Humphreys on fraud charges, resulted in Farquhar in March 1985 being sentenced to four years' gaol for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice. During his trial, it became clear that Farquhar had deep roots in the criminal community, including connections to George Freeman and Nick Paltos. Much of the investigative work in the Farquhar case was due to the efforts of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's Four Corners program and The Sun-Herald newspaper.In March 1991 Farquhar was acquitted of receiving stolen paintings. He had a fatal heart attack on 3 December 1993 while on trial for conspiracy to obtain stolen passports.
The Seismological Society of America (SSA) is an international scientific society devoted to the advancement of seismology and the understanding of earthquakes for the benefit of society. Founded in 1906, the society has members throughout the world representing seismologists and other geophysicists, geologists, engineers, insurers, and policy-makers in preparedness and safety.
Tsuchiyama-juku (土山宿, Tsuchiyama-juku) was the forty-ninth of the fifty-three stations  of the Tōkaidō highway connecting Edo with Kyoto in Edo period Japan. It was located in the Tsuchiyama neighborhood of the present-day city of Kōka, Shiga Prefecture, Japan.
Michael Angelo Avallone ((1924-10-27)October 27, 1924 – (1999-02-26)February 26, 1999) was an American author of mystery, secret agent fiction, and novelizations of TV and films. His lifetime output was over 223 works (although he boasted over 1,000), published under his own name and seventeen pseudonyms.
The Williams FW27 was the Formula One car which the Williams team used during the 2005 Formula One season. 
Like the Minardi PS05 and the Renault R25, the FW27 utilized a 6-speed gearbox rather than the 7-speed gearbox found on the other 2005 F1 cars.
The backward differentiation formula (BDF) is a family of implicit methods for the numerical integration of ordinary differential equations. They are linear multistep methods that, for a given function and time, approximate the derivative of that function using information from already computed time points, thereby increasing the accuracy of the approximation. These methods are especially used for the solution of stiff differential equations. The methods were first introduced by Charles F. Curtiss and Joseph O. Hirschfelder in 1952.
Eutachyptera is a monotypic moth genus in the family Lasiocampidae. The genus was erected by William Barnes and James Halliday McDunnough in 1912. Its single species, Eutachyptera psidii, was first described by Sallé in 1857. It is found in Mexico.
Claus Bech Jørgensen (born 27 April 1976) is a Faroese former professional footballer who is now a youth team coach at AaB. Born in Denmark, he represented the Faroe Islands national team between 2004 and 2006.
He first established himself as a player in the Danish Football League with Holstebro BK, AGF Aarhus and AC Horsens, though did not make the Superliga. In 1999, he joined the Football League in England. He later made over 100 appearances for AFC Bournemouth and Blackpool, as well as more than 50 appearances for Bradford City and Coventry City. He was named as Bournemouth's Player of the Year for the 1999–2000 season. He helped Blackpool to win promotion out of League One via the play-offs in 2007. He ended his career in 2010 after brief spells with Port Vale and Fleetwood Town. He went on to coach at Coventry City, Tamworth and AaB.
Al-Hilal Mosque or Al Hilal Old Mosque of Katangka, better known as Katangka Mosque, is a historical mosque in South Sulawesi, Indonesia. Constructed in 1603 by the first Muslim ruler of the Sultanate of Gowa, Sultan Alauddin, the mosque is considered the oldest mosque in South Sulawesi.
Orthocomotis chloantha is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Guerrero, Mexico.
The Kilchis River is a stream, about 14 miles (23 km) long, near the coast of northwest Oregon in the United States. It drains a mountainous timbered region of about 65 square miles (170 km2) in the Northern Oregon Coast Range west of Portland.The Kilchis River begins at the confluence of its North Fork and South Fork in northern Tillamook County in the Tillamook State Forest northeast of Bay City. It flows southwest, entering the southeast end of Tillamook Bay approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) northwest of the city of Tillamook. The mouth of the river is about 1 mile (1.6 km) north of the mouth of the Wilson River and about 2 miles (3.2 km) north of the mouth of the Trask River. It is one of five rivers—the Tillamook, the Trask, the Wilson, the Kilchis, and the Miami—that flow into the bay.The river has good runs of steelhead and fall Chinook salmon. Because much of the land along the lower stretches is private, fishing is often done by drift boat launched from boat ramps at Kilchis County Park, County Park, and Mapes Creek. Anglers may also fish from stream banks on public land in the Tillamook State Forest.The Kilchis River was named for the 19th century Tillamook leader Chief Kilchis, whose Tillamook name was [gə́lšəs] or [gə́lčəs].
Trent Carl Wayne Oeltjen (; born 28 February 1983 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian former professional baseball outfielder. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Los Angeles Dodgers. He is 6'1" (185 cm) tall and weighs 190 pounds (86 kg). In 2004, he was part of the Australian national baseball team that won a silver medal in the baseball tournament at the Athens Olympics.
Jack Schroeder (August 21, 1925 – December 19, 2017) was an American politician in the state of Iowa.
Schroeder was born in Davenport, Iowa. He attended law school at Drake University and was a lawyer. He was also a former Chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of General Life of Iowa Investment Company and General Life of Iowa Insurance Company. He is also a veteran of the U.S. Navy Air Forces. Schroeder served in the Iowa House from 1951 to 1955 for district 43, and in the State Senate from 1955 to 1967. In the Senate, he represented District 21 from 1955 to 1963, and District 17 from 1963 to 1967. In the 58th Iowa General Assembly, he was majority leader of the Senate.
Kuhsarak-e Olya (Persian: كوه سرك عليا, also Romanized as Kūhsarak-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 75, in 19 families.
Adria Engel Raines (born December 21, 1979) is an American former professional tennis player.
Born in Chicago, Engel is of Czech heritage through both of her parents, who were noted sportspeople in their native Czechoslovakia. Her mother played tennis and trained with Věra Suková, while her father was a professional soccer player. She also has an elder brother, Marty, who played some professional tennis.Engel was a member of the Arizona State Sun Devils (ASU) varsity tennis team and amassed an ASU record 132 career-singles wins. In 2001, as a sophomore, she became the first player from ASU to claim a Pac-10 singles title.
The Queen's Gambit is a 2020 American coming-of-age period drama streaming television miniseries based on the 1983 novel of the same name by Walter Tevis. The title refers to the "Queen's Gambit", a chess opening. The series was written and directed by Scott Frank, who created it with Allan Scott, who owns the rights to the book. Beginning in the mid-1950s and proceeding into the 1960s, the story follows the life of Beth Harmon (Anya Taylor-Joy), a fictional chess prodigy on her rise to the top of the chess world while struggling with drug and alcohol dependency.
Netflix released The Queen's Gambit on October 23, 2020. After four weeks it had become Netflix's most-watched scripted miniseries, making it Netflix's top program in 63 countries. The series received critical acclaim, with particular praise for Taylor-Joy's performance, the cinematography, and production values. It also received a positive response from the chess community, and data suggests that it increased public interest in the game.The Queen's Gambit won eleven Primetime Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Limited or Anthology Series, becoming the first show on a streaming service to win the category. The series also won two Golden Globe Awards: Best Limited Series or Television Film and Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film for Taylor-Joy. She also won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie.
Steven Scott Blatherwick (born 20 September 1973) is an English football coach and former footballer 
He played as a defender from 1991 to 2006. He spent much of his career playing for Chesterfield; however, he had previously played in the Premier League with Nottingham Forest. He also played in the Football League with Notts County, Wycombe Wanderers, Hereford United, Reading and Burnley. He retired from the game at the age of 32, on medical advice after suffering a back injury. He later became a coach at non-league club Gainsborough Trinity and briefly managed the club in a caretaker capacity before leaving the game to set up his own sports management company.
Mats Lindau (born 6 October 1958) is a former Swedish handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.In 1984 he finished fifth with the Swedish team in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored seven goals.
The 2003–04 Bulgarian Cup was the 64th season of the Bulgarian Cup. Litex Lovech won the competition, beating CSKA Sofia 6–5 on penalties in the final at the Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia.
Atkinson Township is a township in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 319 as of the 2000 census.
Department of Treasury, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms v. Galioto, 477 U.S. 556 (1986), was a United States Supreme Court case.
Futbol Club Barcelona Hoquei is a professional roller hockey team based in Barcelona, Spain. It is part of the FC Barcelona family and plays in the OK Liga. Due to the sponsoring the team is called FC Barcelona Lassa. 
It is the most successful roller hockey club in Spain and Europe with a record number of domestic, european and intercontinental titles.
Jill Stewart was the Managing Editor at LA Weekly and laweekly.com. At LA Weekly, she oversaw a team of print and digital journalists who pursue the newspaper's brand of digital hyper-localism and analytical, print journalism. She also oversaw the newspaper's video team and video productions.
Jill Stewart is an experienced television commentator, providing regular live political analysis for KCET Public TV during the 2013 L.A. mayoral race; KTTV Fox 11 during the 2010 California gubernatorial race, and KCAL 9 during the 2005 L.A. mayoral race. She was seen on CNN, MSNBC and Fox News Channel during the 2003 recall of California Gov. Gray Davis, and provided live analysis of California and national issues for The Dennis Miller Show and Politically Incorrect with Bill Maher.Her radio work includes hundreds of appearances as guest or host on BBC Radio, KNX Newsradio, 790 TalkRadio KABC, KFI AM 640, KPCC Public Radio, KCRW and KGO Newstalk. She was a frequent commentator on the local radio show AirTalk, on Pasadena City College's NPR radio station, KPCC.From 1984 through 1991, she was a metro reporter with the Los Angeles Times, where she focused on urban affairs, poverty, affordable housing, the environment and government.During 1991 and 1992, she lived in Prague and wrote about Czechoslovakia's transition to democracy for "Editor & Publisher" and others. After returning to Los Angeles in 1992, she was tapped by now-defunct Buzz magazine to write its Power Brokers column focusing on Southern California's most influential elected and business leaders and institutions.From 1996 through 2003, she authored a weekly commentary column on Los Angeles, Southern California, and Sacramento politics for the now-defunct alternative newspaper New Times LA.  According to Stewart, "That 'acerbic, iconoclastic' column propelled her into the public conscious and made her a 'must-read for many in town', particularly the LA power elite." According to Stewart, "from 2003 to late 2006, she wrote a syndicated column on California politics that ran in the San Francisco Chronicle, Los Angeles Daily News, Orange County Register, Long Beach Press-Telegram and several other newspapers, reaching an audience of 1 million readers."She joined LA Weekly in 2006 as its news editor, and was promoted to the managing editor's job in 2012. She is a longtime, occasional op-ed contributor to The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal.
Between 1999 and 2013, she served for several years on the Los Angeles Press Club Board of Directors and became president of the board, which oversees a non-profit enterprise dedicated to bringing journalists together to improve the industry and reach out to non-journalists.Jill Stewart has twice been named top columnist in Los Angeles at the Southern California Journalism Awards, and has been honored with its Journalist of the Year nod. Her national honors include the American Society of Newspaper Columnists' award for best column in the U.S., and the Benjamin Fine Award for top education writing in the nation. She holds a master's degree in journalism from Stanford University and an undergraduate degree from The Evergreen State College.In 2016-17 she was campaign director for the Coalition to Preserve Los Angeles in its attempt to get the anti-development Measure S passed. Some opponents of the initiative faulted her for taking that position since she lives not in Los Angeles but the affluent suburb of Calabasas.
Imre Bánrévi (born 14 November 1954) is a Hungarian gymnast. He competed in eight events at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Vanessa Mahi (born 17 December 1997), known professionally as Ivorian Doll, is a British rapper and Internet personality of Ivorian descent. She made her debut in collaboration with Abigail Asante, releasing singles under the name Abigail x Ivorian Doll. She has since gone on to release several singles as a solo artist, such as "Rumours".
Koba is a town and sub-prefecture in the Dalaba Prefecture in the Mamou Region of western Guinea.
Capital Airport–Daxing Airport intercity railway connecting line (Chinese: 首都机场至大兴机场城际铁路联络线), also known as Line S7 in the Beijing Metropolitan Area Railway planning, is a railway line currently under construction. The speed will be 200 km/h. It will connect the Beijing Capital International Airport and Beijing Daxing International Airport when the full line is completed.Phase 1 of the railway, which is currently under construction, will connect Langfang (a city in Hebei Province) and Beijing Daxing International Airport. Phase 1 is 39.438 km, including 15.3 km in Beijing and 24.138 km in Hebei Province. Phase 1 of the railway will be finished in 2023.The second phase from Langfang East railway station to Huairou South railway station via Capital Airport is under planning.
Warilla High School is a government-funded co-educational comprehensive secondary day school, located in Barrack Heights, a suburb of the City of Shellharbour, in the Illawarra region of New South Wales, Australia.Established in 1965, the school caters for approximately 1,250 students in 2018, from Year 7 to Year 12, of whom eight percent identified as Indigenous Australians and 16 percent were from a language background other than English. The school is operated by the NSW Department of Education; the principal is John Hambly.
Spangler, Pennsylvania was a town, since merged, and former borough located in the northwest corner of Cambria County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is nestled in the valley of the West Branch of the Susquehanna River between hills of the Appalachian Mountains of the Eastern United States.  The area was first settled by Europeans in the early-to-middle 19th century.  The presence of the West Branch of the Susquehanna River allowed loggers to move their harvest down river.  Small farms developed and the town came into existence in 1893 when mining of extensive bituminous coal fields in the area became the dominant industry.  The mining companies required skilled workers and many came from Great Britain and Eastern Europe.  Railroads were built to transport the coal and the town flourished from economic activity.
Mordella peregrinator is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mordellidae, which is part of the superfamily Tenebrionoidea. It was discovered in 1917.
The Aqueduct of Diocletian (Croatian: Dioklecijanov akvadukt) is an ancient Roman aqueduct near Split, Croatia (Latin: Spalatum) constructed during the Roman Empire to supply water to the palace of the emperor Diocletian, who was Augustus 284 to 305 AD, retired to Spalatum, and died there in 311.
The Lenox Avenue Gang was an early 20th-century New York City street gang led by Harry Horowitz; it was considered one of the most violent gangs of the pre-Prohibition era. It was based in Harlem in upper Manhattan, around 125th Street, in what was then a predominantly Jewish neighborhood.
Bastasi (Serbian Cyrillic: Бастаси) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sherri Steinhauer (born December 27, 1962) is an American professional golfer who plays on the Legends Tour. She retired from the LPGA Tour in 2012 after a 26-year career. She was born in Madison, Wisconsin and attended The University of Texas at Austin. Her rookie season on the LPGA Tour was 1986. She has won eight tournaments on the Tour, including two major championships, the 1992 du Maurier Classic and 2006 Women's British Open (she also has two, 1998 and 1999, titles recognized by the Ladies European Tour as majors but not by the LPGA Tour).Steinhauer finished as high as seventh on the money list twice. The first time came in 1994 where Steinhauer won the Sprint Championship in addition to having seven other top 10 finishes. Steinhauer also qualified for the Solheim Cup for the first time in 1994. She would also make the team in 1998, 2000, and 2007.
With wins at the Japan Airlines Big Apple Classic and the Weetabix Women's British Open, Steinhauer finished seventh on the money list again in 1999. She also took part that year in a six player sudden playoff at the Jamie Farr Kroger Classic in which Se Ri Pak defeated Steinhauer, Karrie Webb, Carin Koch, Mardi Lunn, and Kelli Kuehne.  It was the largest playoff in LPGA Tour history.Steinhauer was a student of golf instructor Manuel de la Torre.On March 31, 2009, Steinhauer announced that she would not compete in 2009 while recovering from surgery in mid-February on one hip and preparing for similar surgery on the other hip to be performed in May. She returned to the Tour in 2010.Steinhauer announced her retirement from the regular tour after missing the cut at the 2011 Canadian Women's Open. She returned in 2012 at the Kia Classic and also played that year in the Kraft Nabisco Championship. She is eligible to participate in the 2018 U.S. Senior Women's Open on account of her major wins.
Steinhauer was one of two assistant captains for the United States 2011 Solheim Cup team.
Kaspar Anton von Baroni-Cavalcabo (1682 in Sacco di Rovereto – 1759 in Rovereto) or Gaspare Antonio Cavalcabò Baroni was an Italian painter in a late Baroque period and style. During the greater part of his life he lived in Sacco, where he died. Many of his drawings are in the Library at Innsbruck.
Lauren Alissa Kaskie (born September 18, 1995) is an American soccer player who plays as a Midfielder for Hammarby in the Damallsvenskan. She previously played for the Chicago Red Stars in the NWSL.
The View of Brussels is a painting by Jan Baptist Bonnecroy. It shows a panoramic view of the city of Brussels in the 17th century.
John Bernard Dempsey (March 12, 1912 – August 26, 1988) was an American football tackle who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League. He played college football at Bucknell University for the Bucknell Bison.
In computer science, a recursive descent parser is a kind of top-down parser built from a set of mutually recursive procedures (or a non-recursive equivalent) where each such procedure implements one of the nonterminals of the grammar. Thus the structure of the resulting program closely mirrors that of the grammar it recognizes.A predictive parser is a recursive descent parser that does not require backtracking.  Predictive parsing is possible only for the class of LL(k) grammars, which are the context-free grammars for which there exists some positive integer k that allows a recursive descent parser to decide which production to use by examining only the next k tokens of input. The LL(k) grammars therefore exclude all ambiguous grammars, as well as all grammars that contain left recursion.  Any context-free grammar can be transformed into an equivalent grammar that has no left recursion, but removal of left recursion does not always yield an LL(k) grammar. A predictive parser runs in linear time.
Recursive descent with backtracking is a technique that determines which production to use by trying each production in turn.  Recursive descent with backtracking is not limited to LL(k) grammars, but is not guaranteed to terminate unless the grammar is LL(k).  Even when they terminate, parsers that use recursive descent with backtracking may require exponential time.
Although predictive parsers are widely used, and are frequently chosen if writing a parser by hand, programmers often prefer to use a table-based parser produced by a parser generator, either for an LL(k) language or using an alternative parser, such as LALR or LR. This is particularly the case if a grammar is not in LL(k) form, as transforming the grammar to LL to make it suitable for predictive parsing is involved. Predictive parsers can also be automatically generated, using tools like ANTLR.
Predictive parsers can be depicted using transition diagrams for each non-terminal symbol where the edges between the initial and the final states are labelled by the symbols (terminals and non-terminals) of the right side of the production rule.
Zheleznik is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern Bulgaria.All inhabitants are ethnic  Turks.
COPUS (Creation of Peace Under Stars) is a rap jazz fusion ensemble based in San Francisco.
Formed by poet Royal Kent and composer Wendy Loomis in 1998, the group has performed at clubs, theaters, and festivals in the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles, Nashville, and Atlanta, Boston, and at the WordxWord Festival in Western Massachusetts. The group has released a CD Later Than You Think, a single "The Fool", the trilogy Jah Provide and is currently working on their next full-length recording.
Current Band Members Include:  Wendy Loomis/Composer/Pianist; Royal Kent/Poet/Spoken Word Artist; Monica Williams/All Flutes; Patrick Mahon/Electric/Upright Bass and Greg McCray/Drums.
“COPUS could become legendary if given the opportunity to thrive!” -Michael Allison, MusicDish.com
Cueva de Montesinos is a cave of the Province of Albacete, Spain. At the bottom of the cave is a small lake formed by rainwater filtering through the cave. It has been discovered through a series of experiments and tests that the water in that lagoon is connected by underground streams with the natural park of Ruidera.
An episode involving descent into the cave is included in Part II of Miguel de Cervantes's novel Don Quixote.
"I'll Still Be Loving You" is a song recorded by American country music group Restless Heart. It was released in January 1987 as the second single from the album Wheels. The song was written by Todd Cerney, Pam Rose, Mary Ann Kennedy and Pat Bunch, and was Restless Heart's second number-one country single. It went to number 1 on Hot Country Songs for one week and spent 25 weeks on the chart.The single also was a hit on the Adult Contemporary chart and gave the band their first exposure on the pop charts, where it became their first top 40 single. It was the first country song to cross over to the Hot 100 since "Bop" by Dan Seals 18 months earlier, and the first to cross over to the top 40 since "What About Me" by Kenny Rogers (with Kim Carnes and James Ingram) two and a half years earlier. It was the last country song to cross over to the Billboard Hot 100 until Billy Ray Cyrus' "Achy Breaky Heart" five years later in 1992.
The Mixed relay competition at the Biathlon World Championships 2020 was held on 13 February 2020.
Goslineria is a genus of sea slugs, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dorididae.
Primo Longobardo (S 524) was a Sauro-class submarine of the Italian Navy.
Drepanophoridae is a family of worms belonging to the order Hoplonemertea.
Tarakeswar Degree College, established in 1986, is an undergraduate general and honours degree college in Tarakeswar in Hooghly district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts, commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to  University of Burdwan.
Republiek is a Dutch republican pressure group advocating the replacement of the Dutch Monarchy with a de facto parliamentary republic, founded in January 1998 in Amsterdam by Ewout Irrgang and Elisabeth van der Steenhoven, under the previous name Nieuw Republikeins Genootschap (NRG). It is a member organisation of the Alliance of European Republican Movements and is currently the largest organisation solely campaigning for a republican constitution for The Netherlands. Republic states that its mission is: "To achieve the abolition of the Dutch monarchy in favour of a democratic republic". As of 2022, Floris Müller is the current Chair, and Bram van Montfoort the Campaign Manager.
Bedford High School is a rural public high school located in Bedford, Iowa. It is one of two high schools in Taylor County. A majority of the student population comes from the towns of Bedford, Blockton, Gravity, Conway, and New Market while some students open enroll from neighboring districts in the area.  The school's enrollment is approximately 135 students (9–12) and is administered by the Bedford Community School District. Its official mascot is the Bulldog, and its official colors are Navy and White.
Cetus Hill is a large ice-covered mound which comes to a point with three jagged rock peaks at its west end. It is located at the head of Ryder Glacier in western Palmer Land, about 27 nautical miles (50 km) east-northeast of Gurney Point. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after the constellation of Cetus.
David Guthrie Freeman (6 September 1920 – 28 June 2001) was an American badminton player from California who became an icon in the sport's history.
Cauchas rufimitrella is a diurnal lepidopteran from the family Adelidae, the fairy long horn moths. It is found in almost all of Europe, except Portugal, Ukraine and the southern part of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan of the moth ranges from 10 to 12 millimeters. The thick erect hairs on the head vertex are black, more or less ferruginous-mixed above. Antennae in male 2, in female 1.5, black, tip whitish. Forewings shining brassy bronze, sometimes partly or wholly coppery or metallic red purple. Hindwings dark purplish fuscous. The flight time is May to June.
Caterpillars live on the seeds of Cardamine pratensis and then they pupate over the winter.
Beechhurst is a neighborhood in the northeastern section of the New York City borough of Queens. It is northeast of Whitestone, bordered by the East River to the north, the Cross Island Parkway to the south, and the approaches to the Throgs Neck and Whitestone bridges to the east and west respectively. It is also bordered by the westernmost section of Long Island Sound.
Beechhurst is an affluent area but parts of the neighborhood (such as along 150th and 154th Streets) have a more diverse mix of housing. Beechhurst is part of the New York City Police Department's 109th Precinct and is part of Queens Community District 7.During the Silent Movie era, Beechhurst was a favorite vacation area for the rich and famous. Estates lined the waterfront, including the Arthur and Dorothy Dalton Hammerstein House, the former house of Arthur Hammerstein and Dorothy Dalton, which is a New York City designated landmark. The Beechhurst Towers hotel (now a co-op apartment building) was a favorite of actress Mary Pickford and was frequented by many Broadway and early movie stars, including the Marx Brothers and W.C. Fields.
Arnold Graffi (19 June 1910 – 30 January 2006) was a pioneering German doctor in the area of experimental cancer research. 
Graffi was born in the Saxon town of Bistritz (Bistrița) in Transylvania, then part of Austria-Hungary. He studied medicine at Marburg, Leipzig, and Tübingen before receiving his doctorate at the Charité in Berlin. Graffi worked at the Paul Ehrlich Institute in Frankfurt. He taught at the Humboldt University of Berlin from the mid-1940s until 1975, when he retired.
After retirement Graffi continued to be involved in cancer research, but more in the area of chemotherapy and the problems related to it. 
He received various awards throughout his life including the Academy of Natural Scientists Cothenius Medal in 1977, the Paul Ehrlich Prize in Frankfurt in 1979, the Helmholtz Medal of the Academy of Sciences in Berlin in 1984, an honorary doctorate from the University of Leipzig in 1990, and the Cross of the Order of Merit from the German government in 1995.
Mario Radice (10 August 1898 – 26 July 1987) was an Italian painter born in Como. He is considered to be an important Italian abstract artist.
In BEAM robotics, a squirmer is a stationary robot that performs an interesting action (usually by moving some sort of limbs or appendages).
KF Vora is an Albanian football club based in Vorë in the Tirana District. The club was founded in 1989 and they currently participate in the Kategoria e Parë.
The Order of the Golden Eagle or "Altyn Qyran" Order (Kazakh: Алтын Қыран ордені, Altyn Qyran ordenı; Russian: Орден Золотого орла) is the highest order of Kazakhstan. The order is awarded by the President of Kazakhstan. Established in 1995, the order recognizes outstanding service to Kazakhstan. The Order of the Golden Eagle may be awarded to individuals who have previously been awarded orders by Kazakhstan or the Soviet Union. The President of the Republic of Kazakhstan becomes a Commander special class of the Order of Altyn Kyran.
Maximilian Richard "Max" Walscheid (born 13 June 1993) is a German cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Cofidis.
Alan Schechter (1965–2005) was an American action movie producer best known for his trademark style of "Low budget films with big budget effects."
Awigna (also, Awiz-na) is a former  Tongva-Gabrieleño Native American settlement in Los Angeles County, California.It was located at the site of modern-day La Puente, in the San Gabriel Valley.
Bernice Bowles "Fitz" Fitz-Gibbon (September 6, 1894 – February 22, 1982) was an American advertising executive and a pioneer in retail advertising, working at Marshall Field's, Macy's, Gimbels and Wanamaker's. She was inducted into the Advertising Hall of Fame in 1982. She was named #62 on the 100 people of the 20th century by Advertising Age. She was also honored by Retail Advertising Confederation and the Copywriters Club of New York.
Fitz-Gibbon was born in Waunakee, Wisconsin and grew up on a farm. She earned a degree from University of Wisconsin–Madison, then worked at small newspapers before taking a position at Marshall Field's. She moved to New York City in 1926 to work on the Macy's account, where she penned the tagline "It's smart to be thrifty." While working at Gimbel's from 1940 to 1954, she wrote "Nobody, but nobody, undersells Gimbels." At Gimbels, Fitz-Gibbon was known for her "Fitzkreigs," described as "a blitz of words springing from the rapier-sharp and highly imaginative brain of Miss Fitz-Gibbon."She married Herman Block in 1925; he died in 1951. She continued her ascendancy and got into a notable feud with author Sloan Wilson over women in the workplace. After receiving numerous industry awards and starting her own firm, Fitz-Gibbon retired to Madison, Wisconsin in 1976. She died in Onalaska, Wisconsin.
Mara can be either a surname or a (usually female) first name.
Hungarian: from a pet form of the personal names Mária, Márkus (Hungarian form of Marcus or Mark) or Márton (Hungarian form of Martin), or from a short form of the old ecclesiastical name Marcel;
Czech (Mára): from a pet form of the personal name Marek or Martin.Mara as a female first name is pronounced MAHR-ah most of the time, but can be pronounced as rhyming with Sarah in Jewish-American and Southern United States culture. It is of Hebrew origin, and the meaning of Mara is "bitter", which carries the implication "strength". Biblical: Naomi, mother-in-law of Ruth, claimed the name Mara as an expression of grief after the deaths of her husband and sons. It also means "Lady" in Aramaic, because Mar means "Lord", and is a title of bishops in the Syriac Christian church. It is also the name of a bitter lake in the Bible, and a title of the Kabbalistic sephira Binah. Mara means joy in Arabic and can be a unisex name. (Ar:مرح),in ancient Egypt it meant "The truth of God Ra" Ma for Truth ('Ma-at') and Ra the God of the Sun.
The name may also be a Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Greek or East European variant of Mary, Marianna, Maria, Marzanna and as a short form of Tamara. It is a variant of Maura, an Anglicization of the Irish name Máire, the Irish name of Mary, or the Scottish name Moira. It can also be a feminine version of Mauro, meaning a dark-skinned person. In Hindu, and Southeast Asian Buddhist cultures, it is etymologically related to the Sanskrit terms Mala (rosary), Mallika (jasmine) or Mayura (peacock) and is a unisex name or a surname, etymologically unrelated to anything demonic in Sino-Tibetan and modern Indic languages because the letters R and L are sometimes conflated (cf. in Japanese). It is a popular name in Latin America and the United States, for it has been in the top 1000 in the United States since 1950.
The Killing Fields is a 1984 British biographical drama film about the Khmer Rouge regime in Cambodia, which is based on the experiences of two journalists: Cambodian Dith Pran and American Sydney Schanberg. It was directed by Roland Joffé and produced by David Puttnam for his company Goldcrest Films. Sam Waterston stars as Schanberg, Haing S. Ngor as Pran, Julian Sands as Jon Swain, and John Malkovich as Al Rockoff. The adaptation for the screen was written by Bruce Robinson; the musical score was written by Mike Oldfield and orchestrated by David Bedford.
The film was a success at the box office and an instant hit with critics. At the 57th Academy Awards it received seven Oscar nominations, including Best Picture; it won three, most notably Best Supporting Actor for Haing S. Ngor, who had no previous acting experience, as well as Best Cinematography and Best Editing. At the 38th British Academy Film Awards, it won eight BAFTAs, including Best Film and Best Actor in a Leading Role for Ngor.
In 1999 the British Film Institute voted The Killing Fields the 100th greatest British film of the 20th century. In 2016 British film magazine Empire ranked it number 86 in their list of the 100 best British films.
The Certificate of Secondary Education Examination (CSEE) is an academic O Level examination that is done by form four students (Grade 10) across Tanzania to prepare them for their A level studies. The exams are usually done between late September to early or mid November and they are managed by the National Examinations Council of Tanzania (NECTA). Students are required to obtain three credits in order to pass the exams.
Lioglyphostoma chinenensis is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Nadezhda Andreevna Lomova (Russian: Надежда Андреевна Ломова; born 19 January 1991) is a Russian weightlifter. She won a silver medal in the 63 kg division at the 2014 European Weightlifting Championships. In 2019 she tested positive for Metenolone metabolites and is banned by the International Weightlifting Federation until 2027.
Bouesse is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Fritz Dünmann (5 December 1884 – 8 May 1945) was an Austrian footballer. He played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1926 to 1927.
Oroër is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
The Santa Fe Dam Recreation Area is a county park located in Irwindale, California, USA, in the San Gabriel Valley, inside the Santa Fe Dam. The park and dam are nestled among gravel quarries in the area, many of which are currently inactive. The dam is a flood-control dam on the San Gabriel River. The dam functions as a dry dam most of the time. The San Gabriels produce more gravel than most other mountains. The park is maintained and operated by the Los Angeles County Department of Parks and Recreation. The park, located off the San Gabriel River Freeway (Interstate 605), contains a 70-acre (280,000 m2) lake for year-round fishing and non motorized watercraft.
The dam is a popular tourist attraction, most likely due to the views of the San Gabriel Mountains. Recreational activities at the park include seasonal swimming, fishing, non-motorized boating, cycling, birdwatching, and hiking. In 2005, the annual Renaissance Pleasure Faire of Southern California was relocated to the park from its long-established location at the Glen Helen Regional Park in Devore, California. The San Gabriel River Bike Trail runs through the recreation area. The bike path traces the rim of the dam around to the east of the flood basin and park, with access at Azusa Canyon Drive (main entrance to park)
Fish found in the lake include largemouth bass, bluegills, crappie, and carp. Rainbow trout are stocked in the cooler months, and channel catfish are stocked in the summer months. Some of the rare plants and wildlife found in the river fan include the alluvial fan sage scrub, cactus wrens, California gnatcatchers, scissor-tail flycatchers, horned lizards, and kangaroo rats.
Live in Germany 1980 is a live album by Joe Jackson.
Gronocarus is a genus of May beetles and junebugs in the family Scarabaeidae. There are at least three described species in Gronocarus.
Watch Meeting—Dec. 31st 1862—Waiting for the Hour is an 1863 painting by the US artist William Tolman Carlton.  The location of the original painting is not known, but a different version, possibly a study, is displayed in the Lincoln Bedroom at the White House.  
Watch meetings originated as nighttime religious services of the Methodist Church. The painting depicts a watch meeting or vigil in the dark interior of a wood cabin, with a group of enslaved black men, women and children are covertly gathered on December 31, 1862, around a pulpit made from U.S. Sanitary Commission crates.  An older black man stands with a book and a large pocket watch with an anchor at the end of its chain, a symbol of hope.  To his right sits a white woman holding a black baby.  The man and woman may be intended to resemble Harriet Beecher Stowe and Uncle Tom.  Several other women are sitting or kneeling in prayer, and one has prostrated herself.  They are all waiting in expectation for the Emancipation Proclamation to be issued by the U.S. President Abraham Lincoln the following day, concerned to make sure that the President carries through with the preliminary proclamation that he published on September 22, 1862.  
To the left, in the doorway, a black person is holding the U.S. flag draped over their arms.  Outside, an illuminated cross can be seen in the night sky.  A banjo hangs on the wall. To the right of the painting, a slave in a neck collar stands holding a torch aloft before a copy of the proclamation pasted to the wall, which reads "Proclamation / 1st Jan. / For ever free / Slave".  At the bottom, the title of the work is written out on the links of a metal chain.
The abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison wrote in a letter to Lincoln on January 21, 1865 that it was "an admirable painting" which abolitionist donors in Boston had contributed "upwards of five hundred dollars" to give as a gift to Lincoln.  The original version of the painting disappeared after Lincoln's death, possibly removed by his wife, Mary Todd Lincoln.  A different version, possibly a study, was found at an antiques shop in New York City in 1975, and it was presented to the White House by the Republican Party in 1976, to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the United States Declaration of Independence in 1776.  It is displayed in the Lincoln Bedroom at the White House.  
The painting was widely spread by copies on engraved copies on cartes de visite, in which the details are clearer than the known painted version held by the White House.
Pierre Douville (August 7, 1745 – July 17, 1794) was a French-Canadian naval captain and lieutenant who served in the American Revolution and French Revolution. Born on present day Prince Edward Island, Douville survived the 1758 Acadian deportation to France. He joined the French Navy and lived in Rhode Island during the American Revolution. During the American Revolution, he served as a French military intelligence officer who provided General George Washington with British ship and troop movements. Douville also took part in a smuggling mission in 1775, when he brought weapons and gunpowder from the French West Indies to the United States. Douville was one of the original members of the Society of the Cincinnati. Douville died in 1794 fighting for the French during the Glorious First of June.
Umberto Benedetti Michelangeli, also Umberto Benedetti Michelangeli Jr. (born July 16, 1952 in Montichiari, Brescia) is an Italian conductor, nephew of famous Italian pianist Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli.
Kavchut (Armenian: Կավճուտ) is a village in the Kajaran Municipality of the Syunik Province in Armenia. In 1988-1989 Armenian refugees from Azerbaijan settled in the village.
Charles Saunders (1922–1996), gaelicised as Cathal Ó Sándair, was one of the most prolific Irish language authors of the 20th century.
Fuzimiao station (Chinese: 夫子庙站), is a station on Line 3 of the Nanjing Metro. It started operations on 1 April 2015. The station is near Nanjing Fuzimiao.
Thomas James DeSimone (May 24, 1950 – disappeared January 14, 1979) was an Italian-American mobster associated with New York City's Lucchese crime family who is alleged to have participated in both the Air France robbery and the Lufthansa heist. He also committed several murders, including killing William Bentvena in 1970. DeSimone went missing in 1979, and is believed to have been murdered.
DeSimone's career in the Lucchese family is explored in the book Wiseguy by Nicholas Pileggi, and inspired the character of Tommy DeVito, portrayed by Joe Pesci, one of the main characters of the 1990 film Goodfellas.
Stade Municipal de Commune II is located in Bamako, Mali. It is used mostly for football and serves as the home stadium of AS Commune II.  The stadium has a capacity of 3,000
Tambukan Lake (Russian: Тамбукан) is a lake with bitter-salt water on Northern Caucasus in Stavropol Krai (about 33% surface) and the Kabardino-Balkar Republic (about 66% surface) of Russia, located eight kilometers from Pyatigorsk.  The lake's surface area is 1.87 square kilometers, and its depth ranges between 1.5 and 3.1 meters.
The lake bed is a thick layer of silt, which has been used since 1886 in institutions for mud cures in Yessentuki and other therapeutic mud baths in the region of Caucasian Mineral Water.  These mud baths have been used by famous individuals such as Feodor Chaliapin, Anton Chekhov, and Leo Tolstoy.
Forcepia is a genus of sponges belonging to the family Coelosphaeridae.The genus has cosmopolitan distribution.
"Grand Groove" is the second single released from Tragedy: Saga of a Hoodlum, the second album by Tragedy Khadafi (then known as Intelligent Hoodlum)
Bruce Williamson is an American energy company executive.  He is best known as a former chief executive office (CEO) for global markets of North Carolina-based Duke Energy and CEO of Houston-based Dynegy.Williamson was born in Great Falls, Montana to George and June Williamson, and graduated from Great Falls High School in 1977. He spent his freshman year of college at the University of Idaho, transferred to the University of Montana-Missoula, and graduated with a bachelor's degree in finance in 1981. After discovering that the only employment he could get in Montana was a $10,000-a-year bank job, he took a position with Shell Oil in Houston, Texas, largely because a friend lived there. He later obtained a Master of Business Administration from the University of Houston.Williamson left Shell to work for Pan Energy Corporation.  Pan Energy merged with the Duke Power Company in 1997 to become Duke Energy. Williamson rose to the position of President and CEO of Duke Energy Global Markets. In 2002, he was named president and chief executive officer of Dynegy.  As the CEO of Dynegy,  Williamson received an award from the President's White Collar Task Force.  Further, the former United States Attorney for the Southern District of Texas, Michael Shelby, stated that Williamson becoming CEO, "has changed the standard operating procedures in such a way that honesty and candor [are] part of the business plan," and Williamson "helped ferret out potential wrongdoers."  As the CEO of Dynegy, Williamson restructured Dynegy out of bankruptcy, and reduced Dynegy's outstanding debt by over $10 billion.  Williamson resigned as CEO of Dynegy on February 10, 2011, after two takeovers over the company (both of which he supported) failed.  In 2012, Dynegy filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy to settle with creditors who held around $2.5 Billion in claims over one of its subsidiaries.In July 2011, Williamson was named president and CEO of Cleco Corporation, a utility holding company based in Louisiana.  In his first year as CEO, he finalized the largest wholesale contract ever entered into for the Cleco Corporation by securing a 10-year contract with Dixie Electric Membership Corporation.  In December 2013, Cleco Corp. transitioned into the Midcontinent Independent System Operator Market, with the hope that this will provide additional growth opportunities.  Operationally, Cleco has improved its employee safety since Williamson joined the company.  Comparing results from 2012 to 2011, Cleco reduced personal injuries by 33 percent and its avoidable accidents by 45 percent.  Comparing results from 2012 to 2013, Cleco again improved its employee safety record by 20 percent and its avoidable accidents by 40 percent.  Also, since Williamson joined Cleco, the company has raised shareholder dividends five times for a total increase of sixty percent.In 2014, Macquarie Group agreed to buy Cleco Corporation for approximately $3.4 billion in cash attracted by the steady, long-term returns of regulated power assets. Williamson previously served on the Board of Directors for Questar Corporation (gas company) and for Southcross Energy.  Williamson currently serves on the Board of Directors for ENMAX.  Williamson is also on the University of Houston Dean's Advisory Board for the CT Bauer College of Business and the Chancellor's National Advisory Council.Williamson and his wife, Kim, live in the Woodlands, TX and have two daughters.
Lesueur's hairy bat (Cistugo lesueuri) also known as Lesueur's wing-gland bat is a species of bat in the family Cistugidae. It is found in dry savanna, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, and hot deserts in Lesotho and South Africa. It is threatened by habitat loss.
The Irish Free State Army Intelligence Department – Oriel House Criminal Investigation Department waged a lethal-force policy, especially in Dublin, against those who opposed the newly created Irish Free State (IFS).At least twenty-five Irish republicans were assassinated in County Dublin in the period that the Oriel House CID was in existence, from early 1922, when under the control of the Free State Army Intelligence Department and later under the Ministry of Home Affairs, to November 1923 when it was finally abolished. Most of these deaths, or the circumstances leading to them, were not witnessed, but several witnesses were there when the two Fianna Éireann, Alf Colley and Sean Cole were killed at Whitehall, and again when three more Fianna members were arrested at Clonliffe Road and found dead the next morning at Clondalkin.
The Innu are among the First Nations of Canada.  They have maintained a vibrant folk music culture, especially involving dance and percussion-based music. Philip Mackenzie is an especially important modern musician, known for being the creator a kind of singer-songwriter tradition using the Innu language.  Though he originally used only guitar and teueikan (a Montagnais frame drum with snares), subsequent performers in his folk Innu style have added electronic and acoustic instruments.The Innu Nikamu (The Innu Sings), held annually in Quebec, is an important festival of Native American music of all kinds.  The most famous Innu folk-rock band, Kashtin, began their popular career at Innu Nikamu. The festival is profiled in the 2017 documentary film Innu Nikamu: Resist and Sing (Innu Nikamu: Chanter la résistance).
Ahmed Mohammed Sharahili (Arabic: أحمد محمد شراحيلي, born July 6, 1993) is a Saudi professional footballer who plays for Al-Shabab as a defender.
J.P. Licks is an ice cream store chain with 16 locations.J.P. Licks pays homage to its hometown and first location, Jamaica Plain, which is a neighborhood colloquially referred to as "J.P." The store is known for its quality and unique flavors.
was a 1965 crewed spaceflight in NASA's Project Gemini. It was the third crewed Gemini flight, the eleventh crewed American spaceflight (including two X-15 flights above 100 kilometers (54 nmi)), and the nineteenth human spaceflight of all time. It was also the first time an American crewed space mission held the world record for duration, set on August 26, 1965, by breaking the Soviet Union's previous record set by Vostok 5 in 1963. This record might have been one day longer; however, Gemini V was cut short, due to the approach of Hurricane Betsy.
The Emperor and the Kite, written by Jane Yolen and illustrated by Ed Young, is a 1967 picture book. The Emperor and the Kite was a Caldecott Medal Honor Book for 1968 and was Young's first Caldecott Honor Medal of a total of three during his career.
Anna (von) Rumschottel (fl. 1528) was the mistress of Eric I, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg.She was a member of the landed gentry. She became the lover of Eric I when he became a widower. The relationship was discontinued when Eric married Elisabeth of Brandenburg, Duchess of Brunswick-Calenberg-Göttingen, and Eric I stated to Elisabeth that his mistress was dead, going so far as to arrange a mock funeral for her. The relationship was resumed during Elisabeth's recovery after the birth of their daughter Anna Maria, and continued even after the recovery of Elisabeth, as the pregnancy had caused her to become ill. The affair was public when Anna gave birth in a secluded castle. Elisabeth took deep offense, and complained of the affair in a 1549 letter to Albrecht of Prussia. 
Elisabeth accused Anna of having caused her illness and complications during her second pregnancy. She accused Anna of witchcraft and urged her husband to have Anna burned at the stake. She persuaded Eric to allow Anna to be charged with witchcraft.  Elisabeth sent spies and soldiers into the neighboring Diocese of Minden, in order to arrest Anna in her hideout in Minden.  However, Anna escaped.  During Inquisition proceedings against Anna's alleged helpers, some of the accused women died after torture at the stake.  She wished to have also Anna convicted and executed by burning.  However, Eric I arranged for Anna to escape. This caused Elisabeth to appeal to her father to intervene, and eventually caused the separation between Elisabeth and Eric.  
Alexander Hume Anderson Jr. (September 5, 1920 – October 22, 2010) was an American cartoonist who created the characters of Rocky the Flying Squirrel, Bullwinkle, and Dudley Do-Right, as well as Crusader Rabbit. He was not directly involved in The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show, however.
The Fort de Salses (also called Forteresse de Salses) is a Catalan fortress in the commune of Salses-le-Château, situated in the French département of Pyrénées-Orientales. It is clearly visible from the A9 autoroute and it is possible to visit from the motorway rest area.Built by the Aragonese at the end of the 15th century, the fortress guarded the former frontier between Principality of Catalonia and France. Its layout and architecture, innovative for the time, present a rare example of the transition between medieval castle and the fortresses of the modern period.
The fort was captured by the French in 1642, and remained French after the Treaty of the Pyrenees.Fort de Salses is listed as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture, and is operated by the Centre des monuments nationaux. The fortress receives 100,000 visitors a year.During the Spanish Civil War, the fort was used as a refuge.
Palo Alto Battlefield National Historic Site Act of 1991, Public Law 102-304, is a federal law, enacted on June 23, 1992, that established the Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Site. Located in the lower Rio Grande Valley, north of modern Brownsville, Texas, the site was the location of the first battle of the Mexican–American War (1846–1848), on May 8, 1846. At the time of its establishment in 1992, Palo Alto was the first unit of the National Park Service to commemorate the Mexican–American War, a controversial conflict that ended with the American occupation of Mexico City and the cessation to the United States of Mexican lands in modern California and New Mexico.
Gerard Hoey is a Gaelic footballer from County Louth, Ireland. He plays with the Louth and also for his local club Geraldine's of Haggardstown located on the outskirts of Dundalk. Gereard Hoey has been a member of the Louth senior panel since 2009.
Samata Kranti Dal (SKD) is a state political party of the Indian state of Odisha led by Braja Kishore Tripathy.
Samata Kranti Dal is allotted 'Scissor' symbol by the Election Commission of India.Ahead of the 2014 elections the BJP sought to reach a seat-sharing agreement with SKD. Arun Jaitley of BJP held conversations with Tripathy, however no agreement was reached and SKD opted to contest Lok Sabha and Legislative Assembly elections on its own. The party won the lone seat of Biramitrapur in the Odisha Vidhan Sabha Elections 2014.
Sarab-e Sheykh Hasan (Persian: سراب شيخ حسن, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Sheykh Ḩasan; also known as Sarāb) is a village in Panjeh Ali-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 257, in 57 families. The village is populated by Kurds.
Leo Benedikt Gummerus (20 June 1885, Kurkijoki - 16 December 1956) was a Finnish Lutheran clergyman and politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Finland from 1927 to 1929, representing the National Coalition Party.
Foulgo is a village in the Boudry Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 510.
Shivajirao Shankarao Deshmukh (30 July 1931 – 28 June 1977) was a Member of Parliament from Parbhani in Maharashtra, India. He served during the 3rd, 4th and 5th Lok Sabha and was elected as an Indian National Congress candidate.He served as an elected Secretary of Congress Parliamentary Committee for two terms, 1968–69 and 1969–70 and was Member of Executive Committee, Congress Parliamentary Committee, 1967—70 and also Founder President of Marathwada Sahakari Sakhar karkhana at
Dongarkada village in Kalamnuri taluka Dist. Hingoli. He was married to Shrimati Shalini, he has son Shri Sambhajirao Shivajirao Deshmukh and two daughters Sushma and Sujata. He has studied law in Hyderabad.
The 1948–49 BAA season was the Lakers' first season in the Basketball Association of America (BAA) (which later became the National Basketball Association (NBA) after the conclusion of this season).This season saw the Lakers win their first BAA championship, defeating the Washington Capitols in six games in the BAA Finals.
St Botolph's Church is the Church of England parish church of Hardham, West Sussex. It is in Horsham District and is a Grade I listed building. It contains the earliest nearly complete series of wall paintings in England. Among forty individual subjects is the earliest known representation of St. George in England. Dating from the 12th century, they were hidden from view until uncovered in 1866 and now "provide a rare and memorable impression of a medieval painted interior". The simple two-cell stone building, with its original medieval whitewashed exterior, has seen little alteration and also has an ancient bell.
Mirko Beljan (12 October 1899 – 14 October 1959) was an Ustaše officer in the Independent State of Croatia during World War II.
He was born in the village of Dobrići, near Tomislavgrad. On 21 December 1934, he joined the Ustaše in Italy. According to a testimony by Mijo Bzik, in the 1930s Beljan was active in the Ustaše branch in Belgium.Beljan returned to the Balkans in April 1941, following the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia and the creation of the Independent State of Croatia (NDH). In September, he was appointed commander of the Ustaše Sana–Luka headquarters in Banja Luka. During his reign, the Ustaše regularly persecuted local Serbs. They were also particularly anti-Muslim in orientation, and persecuted Bosnian Muslims as well.Beljan later served as an officer within the personal bodyguard of Croatian leader Ante Pavelić (Croatian: Poglavnikova tjelesna bojna, PTB). In mid-1945, Beljan and other Ustaše retreated to Austria to evade capture by the Yugoslav Partisans. He was captured by Allied forces and spent time in several prisoner-of-war camps. He was released from Allied detention following the end of World War II and emigrated to West Germany. There, he became the president of an organization known as the United Croats of Germany (Croatian: Ujedinjeni Hrvati u Njemačkoj). He died in Munich on 14 October 1959.
Swami Vāmanāshram (Devanagari: वामनाश्रम्, Vā.ma.nā.śram)  was the Sixth guru of the Chitrapur Saraswat Brahmin community(6th in the Guru Parampara). His period of reign was for 16 years from 1823 to 1839.Swami Vāmanāshram had been under the tutelage of his guru Swami Keshavāshram for a period of 19 years. This helped him gain mastery over the Vedas, Upanishads and other Sanskrit scriptures. He was considered a Bramha-jñāni(All knowing one). He died in 1839 at Mangalore. He was succeeded by his shishya(disciple) Krishnashram. The samādhi of Swami Vāmanāshram is located at Mangalore.(Note: Henceforth in this article  Swamiji  will refer to Swami Vāmanāshram only)
The Boss is a wooden roller coaster located in the Britannia section of Six Flags St. Louis in Eureka, Missouri. It opened on April 29, 2000, and was manufactured by Custom Coasters International. It features a lift hill height of 122 feet (37 m), a first drop of 150 feet (46 m), four drops of 150', 112', 103' and 72', and prior to the 2018 season, a 570 degree helix.
Biological inequity , also known as biological inequality, refers to “systematic, unfair, and avoidable stress-related biological differences which increase risk of disease, observed between social groups of a population”. The term developed by Centric Lab aims to unify societal factors with the biological underpinnings of health inequities – the unfair and avoidable differences in health status and risks between social groups of a population - such that these inequalities can be investigated in a holistic manner.
Hudson for Northern Victoria, abbreviated as H4NV, was a political party based in Tatura, Victoria that had been formed in July 2018 to contest the Northern Victoria Region of the Victorian Legislative Council at the 2018 state election. Although aiming to "offer an alternative" to the region, it did not release any policies.It was named after its founder and lead candidate, Josh Hudson.
Despite ostensibly focusing on the Northern Victoria Region, the party also fielded candidates in other regions. This led to H4NV being accused of participating in preference harvesting deals organised by "preference whisperer" Glenn Druery, but Hudson asserted that his preference deals were arranged personally by himself. By contesting an election as a party, a candidate can accept votes below and above the line on election day.At the election the party received 6,363 votes or 0.18% of the votes.
The São Tomé grosbeak (Crithagra concolor) is the largest member of the canary genus Crithagra, 50% heavier than the next largest canary species, and possesses a massive bill for a member of that genus. It is endemic to the island of São Tomé.For a long period this bird was known only from three nineteenth-century specimens. It was rediscovered in 1991. The current population is estimated at less than 250, and it is classified as critically endangered by the IUCN. The main threat is habitat destruction.
The São Tomé grosbeak was formerly placed in the genus Neospiza (meaning "new finch") but was assigned to the genus Crithagra based on a phylogenetic analysis of mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences.
Midsayap, officially the Municipality of Midsayap (Maguindanaon: Ingud nu Midsayap; Iranun: Inged a Midsayap; Hiligaynon: Banwa sang Midsayap; Cebuano: Lungsod sa Midsayap; Tagalog: Bayan ng Midsayap), is a 1st class municipality in the province of Cotabato, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 165,376 people. 
The Baghdad Metro is a proposed rapid transit network for the Iraqi city of Baghdad.  Construction is expected to start around Q2 2022
The regency government of the Kingdom of England of 1422 to 1437 ruled while Henry VI was a minor.  Decisions were made in the king's name by the Regency Council, which was made up of the most important and influential people in the government of England, and dominated by the king's uncle Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester (brother of the king's father and predecessor, Henry V) and Bishop (Cardinal from 1426) Henry Beaufort (Gloucester's half-uncle).
The individuals who constituted the Regency Council as at 9 December 1422 were (Griffiths 1981, p. 23):
Although the nominal leadership of the regency lay with John, Duke of Bedford (Gloucester's older brother), he spent most of his time ruling the English territories in France. Gloucester thus took the post of Lord Protector of the Realm in order to rule England while Bedford was absent. In practice, however, he was forced to share power with Cardinal Henry Beaufort, who held the position of Lord Chancellor and led a regency council composed of England's prominent magnates. Much of the period was marked by quarrels and disputes between Gloucester and the cardinal. Tensions between both parties could be seen in events such as the Parliament of Bats.
The Council soon split along lines of opposition and support to the continuation of the war in France. Gloucester had always been fervently in favour of finishing the war his brother had started in France and seeing it through to victory at any price. However, in the face of a resurgent French army led by Joan of Arc and the crowning of the Dauphin as Charles VII in 1429, it became clear that the French were gaining the upper hand and slowly expelling the English from their country. A peace party emerged led by Cardinal Beaufort, who saw the war as a drain on resources and unwinnable.
However, for most of the period the regency council was able to govern effectively and fairly. The splits became most evident towards the end. In 1432, Anne of Burgundy died; she was the younger sister of Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy. Anne had been the wife of John, Duke of Bedford, and their marriage was instrumental in maintaining the alliance between England and Burgundy against France. However, following her death, Bedford married Jacquetta of Luxembourg, which the Duke of Burgundy disapproved of and Burgundy made peace with France. With the loss of the alliance with Burgundy, Bedford became convinced that peace was the only solution, but at a conference arranged in Arras in 1435, the English delegation refused to give up their claim to the French throne. Bedford died just after the conference and was replaced with Richard, Duke of York who did not favour the peace policy.
When Henry finally came of age in 1437, he took over at just about the worst time possible, when splits about the war and rivalries between the various nobles were at their deepest. The Crown had suffered huge war debts, and there was general lack of leadership in the French territories which seemed to be slipping slowly but surely out of English hands.
Oostwoud is a town in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Medemblik, and lies about 8 km north of Hoorn.
In 2001, the town centre of Oostwoud had 381 inhabitants. The built-up area of the town was 0.08 km², and contained 138 residences. The statistical district "Oostwoud" also includes the outlying parts of the village and the hamlets Broerdijk and Veldhuis, and has a population of around 930.
Assawompset Pond is a reservoir/pond within the towns of Lakeville and Middleboro, in southeastern Massachusetts. It shares its waters with Long Pond and is openly connected with Pocksha Pond. These lakes provide a source of drinking water to the city of New Bedford, the largest city in southeastern Massachusetts. At almost four square miles (10 km2), it is the largest natural lake in Massachusetts.
It is known in Wampanoag as Place of the White Stones and is host for the largest alewife (herring) run in the eastern seaboard. In the early spring the Nemasket River runs black with fish heading for the spawning grounds. The area known as Betty's Neck was one of the summer encampments for Native Americans who would traverse the Taunton River and Nemasket River to enter the pond. The Nemasket, being known as Where the fish are, explains the significance as a food source.
King Philip's War began with the discovery of John Sassamon's body and the subsequent trial of his suspected murderers. His body was slipped under the ice on Assawompset Pond and found the following spring. The outcome of the trial sparked the beginning of hostilities.
The pond was dammed in 1894 at the Nemasket River, which raised the water level about five feet (1.5 m).
Staraya Sloboda (Russian: Старая Слобода) is a rural locality (a selo) in Slednevskoye Rural Settlement, Alexandrovsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 56 as of 2010. There are 11 streets.
The Jersey Red Ensign, officially the Jersey Defaced Red Ensign, is the civil ensign used by ships registered in the Channel Island of Jersey. It was created in 2010 after approval from Queen Elizabeth II and the States of Jersey. The flag consists of a British red ensign with the coat of arms of Jersey surmounted by a Plantagenet crown.
Angelo Pedroni (22 April 1914 – 24 June 1992) was a prelate of the Catholic Church who worked in the diplomatic service of the Holy See, with the title of nuncio from 1965 until his retirement in 1989 and the rank of archbishop from 1965 until his death.
Gil Lamb (June 14, 1904 – November 2, 1995) was an American actor. He appeared in more than 60 films and television shows between 1935 and 1980. And also was a stage actor, who appeared in several musicals on Broadway, including Folies Bergère (1939), Hold on to Your Hats (1940-1941), Sleepy Hollow (1948), and 70, Girls, 70 (1971).Gil and his wife, Dolores, adopted a child in the 1940s, they named him Dennis. 
Morr Music is an independent record label based in Berlin, Germany. It was founded in 1999 by Thomas Morr. Most artists on the label fall into the categories of intelligent dance music, electronica and dreampop, but all reflect Thomas Morr's personal taste. This results in a cohesive aesthetic observable in both the aural and visual elements of this label's releases.
The United States presidential debates of 2008 were sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates (CPD), a bipartisan organization that sponsored four debates that occurred at various locations around the United States in September and October 2008. Three of the debates involved the presidential nominees, and one involved the vice-presidential nominees.
Republican Party nominee John McCain and Democratic Party nominee Barack Obama did not agree to additional debates; however, each was interviewed at the Civil Forum on the Presidency, held on August 16, 2008, and at the Service Nation Presidential Forum on September 11, 2008. Their respective running mates, Sarah Palin and Joe Biden, did not participate in any additional debates.
Javor is a village in the municipalities of Šekovići, Republika Srpska and Kladanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Netherlands Art Property Collection (NK collection) is an art collection of recovered works of art that accrued to the Dutch state after World War II. This concerns works of art that were looted by the Nazi regime in the Netherlands or were purchased under duress or otherwise.. The collection is managed by the Cultural Heritage Agency and is part of the national collection. The works may be on loan from Dutch museums or government buildings, and some are also stored in depots.
The 2016–17 Slovak Basketball League season, for sponsorships reasons the Eurovia SBL, was the 25th season of this competition. Inter Bratislava won its fourth SBL championship after defeating Rieker Com Therm Komárno in the finals of the play-offs.
Fort William Henry Harrison is the Montana National Guard training facility.  It is also home to the Fort Harrison VA Medical Center and Montana State Veterans Cemetery, located adjacent to the military installation.
John E. Peterson (born December 25, 1938) is an American Republican politician from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. From 1997 to 2009, he represented the state's mainly rural and largely Republican 5th Congressional district in the U.S. House.
The Teatro Titano is a theatre located in the City of San Marino. It was built in 1750 and was renovated in 1936. The theatre has a capacity of 315 seats.
Jac Bowie (born 3 December 1979) is an Australian radio personality  and former entrepreneur and theatrical producer who created  The Burlesque Ball, a contemporary burlesque event following the worldwide burlesque revival.She was also the Entertainment Co-Ordinator for Sydney Mardi Gras, and in July 2012 was appointed Producer of Short+Sweet festivals (the biggest little play festival in the world) in Sydney & Canberra.In 2013 Bowie launched Business in Heels  where she has franchised almost 50 branches of Business Networking Events for women across Australia, Canada, United Arab Emirates, Singapore, Thailand, Nepal, Spain, New Zealand and the USA.  She sold the company in December 2014.It was announced in October 2015, that Jac would be the new Drive presenter for Mix 104.9 in Darwin, Australia from December 2015.
Capo dell'Arma Lighthouse (Italian: Faro di Capo dell'Arma) is an active lighthouse in northwestern Italy. It is located on a cape near the village of Bussana in the comune of Sanremo, in the province of Imperia. It is the first lighthouse on the Ligurian coast, starting from the French border.
Châteaufarine is a newly developed area of Besançon located in the west of the city. It is a famous commercial center, the biggest of Franche-Comté, and a part of Planoise, France.
The 43rd Bodil Awards was a historical event as the Danish drama Dansen med Regitze, also known as Memories of a Marriage, directed by Kaspar Rostrup, took all the Danish film related awards available in 1990.
Only two additional awards were given to two foreign films A Short Film About Killing by Krzysztof Kieślowski and Dangerous Liaisons by Stephen Frears.
Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Caradoc, after Caradoc, a semi-legendary figure in Welsh history, or other figures of this name:
HMS Caradoc (1847) was an iron paddle gunboat launched in 1847 and sold in 1870.
HMS Caradoc (D60) was a C-class light cruiser launched in 1916. She became a base ship in 1944 and was scrapped in 1946.
Claude Gauthier is a former ice hockey player who played right wing and was drafted first overall in the 1964 NHL Amateur Draft by the Detroit Red Wings from a midget team in Rosemont, Quebec. He never played in the National Hockey League.
I Remember Miles is a 1998 studio album by Shirley Horn, recorded in tribute to Miles Davis. The album cover illustration was a drawing Davis had once done of them both.Horn's performance on this album won her the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance at the 41st Grammy Awards.
Mira Marjut Johanna Potkonen (née Miettinen, born 17 November 1980) is a Finnish lightweight boxer. She won a bronze medal in the 60 kg category at the 2016 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championships and the 2016 Summer Olympics, the latter being Finland's only medal at the games.
The blackear wrasse (Halichoeres poeyi) is a species of wrasse, a type of fish in the family Labridae, from the warmer waters of the western Atlantic Ocean.
Strange Affair (French: Une étrange affaire) is a 1981 French drama film directed by Pierre Granier-Deferre, and starring Michel Piccoli, Gérard Lanvin and Nathalie Baye.
Tylomelania baskasti is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pachychilidae.
The specific name baskasti is in honor of the German author and journalist Bas Kast, who supported the malacological research.
Angel Citizens is a 1922 American silent Western film directed by Francis Ford and starring Franklyn Farnum, Peggy O'Day and Shorty Hamilton.
Malvella is a small genus of flowering plants in the mallow family, Malvaceae. There are four species, one native to the Mediterranean, and three native to the southwestern United States and Mexico. The plants were formerly classified in genus Sida.
Amano (天野, amano, lit. "heaven field") is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fabio Amano (天野, born 1979), tattoo artist | Brazil | SPAkira Amano (天野 明, born 1973), manga artist
Hiroshi Amano (天野 浩, born 1960), physicist, inventor of blue LED light, 2014 Nobel laureate
Takashi Amano (天野 尚, 1954 – 2015), aquarium designer and photographer
Yukiya Amano (天野 之弥, 1947 – 2019), Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency
Titanokorys is a genus of extinct hurdiid radiodont that existed during the middle part of the Cambrian. It is the largest member of its family from the Cambrian, with a body length of 50 centimeters long, making it one of the largest animals of the time. It bears a resemblance to a related genus Cambroraster. Based on the shape of its appendages, Titanokorys is speculated to have used them to sift through the sand looking for prey.
The Women's scratch at the 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships was held on April 6. 17 athletes participated in the contest. The competition consisted of 40 laps, making a total of 10 km.
A graphing calculator is a class of hand-held calculator that is capable of plotting graphs and solving complex functions. There are several companies that manufacture models of graphing calculators. Texas Instruments is a major manufacturer.
The following table compares general and technical information for a selection of common and uncommon Texas Instruments graphing calculators. Many of the calculators in this list have region-specific models that are not individually listed here, such as the TI-84 Plus CE-T, a TI-84 Plus CE designed for non-French European markets. These region-specific models are usually functionally identical to each other, aside from minor cosmetic differences and circuit board hardware revisions. See the individual calculators' articles for further information.
Trimeria is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Salicaceae.Its native range is Africa.Species:
Håkan Parkman (1955–1988) was a Swedish composer, arranger, and choral director. From 1980 to 1988 he led the Uppsala vokalensemble. He died in a drowning accident off the coast of Gotland and is buried in the Uppsala old cemetery.
Fresh Air is an American radio talk show broadcast on National Public Radio stations across the United States since 1985. It is produced by WHYY-FM in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The show's host is Terry Gross. As of 2017, the show was syndicated to 624 stations and claimed nearly 5 million listeners. The show is fed live weekdays at 12:00 noon ET. In addition, some stations carry Fresh Air Weekend, a re-programming of highlights of the week's interviews. In 2016, Fresh Air was the most-downloaded podcast on iTunes.
The Luck of the Irish is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan. It is based on the 1917 novel The Luck of the Irish by Harold MacGrath. The film stars James Kirkwood Sr., Anna Q. Nilsson, Harry Northrup, Ward Crane, Ernest Butterworth Jr., and Gertrude Messinger. The film was released on January 5, 1920, by Realart Pictures Corporation.
Joseph McBride (born August 9, 1947) is an American film historian, biographer, screenwriter, author and educator. He has written numerous books including biographies of notable film directors, a book on screenwriting, an investigative journalism book on the JFK assassination, and a memoir of the dark years in his life.
He also serves as professor in the Cinema Department at San Francisco State University.
Bogomir Magajna (January 13, 1904 – March 27, 1963) was a Slovene writer and psychiatrist.
Edward Litton (1787–1870), Irish Member of Parliament (MP) for Coleraine 1837–1843
Edward Falconer Litton (1827–1890), Irish Member of Parliament for Tyrone 1880–1841
Marie Litton, stage name of Mary Jessie Lowe (1847–1884), English actress and theatre manager
Louis Serge Kaole (born 17 June 1990) is a Cameroonian footballer who last played as a defender for Filipino side Maharlika Manila of the Philippines Football League (PFL).In 2020, Kaole joined PFL debutants Maharlika F.C..
Lieutenant General Watkin Tench (6 October 1758 – 7 May 1833) was a British marine officer who is best known for publishing two books describing his experiences in the First Fleet, which established the first European settlement in Australia in 1788. His two accounts, Narrative of the Expedition to Botany Bay and Complete Account of the Settlement at Port Jackson provide an account of the arrival and first four years of the colony.
The 1986 Torneo Godó or Trofeo Conde de Godó was a men's tennis tournament that took place on outdoor clay courts in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. It was the 34th edition of the tournament and was part of the 1986 Grand Prix circuit. It was held from 22 September until 28 September 1986. Ninth-seeded Kent Carlsson won the singles title.
Micromastia is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum. The two known members are Micromastia fimicola. and Micromastia trigonospora.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the phylum is unknown (incertae sedis), and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any class, order, or family.
"(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman" is a 1967 single released by American soul singer Aretha Franklin on the Atlantic label. The song was co-written by Carole King and Gerry Goffin, with input from Atlantic producer Jerry Wexler. Written for Franklin, the record was a big hit reaching number 8 on the Billboard Hot 100, and became one of her signature songs. It made history in the UK singles chart a week after her death, finally becoming a hit almost 51 years after it was first released entering at #79. Franklin also included a live recording on the album Aretha in Paris in 1968. Carole King has performed and recorded a version of the song along with Mary J. Blige, Celine Dion, and many others. At the 2015 Kennedy Center Honors, Aretha Franklin performed the song to honor award-recipient Carole King.
The 1936 British Lions tour of Argentina was a series of rugby union matches arranged between the British Lions and various Argentine teams. The tourists played ten matches, nine of which were against club and combined teams while one match took in a full Argentina national team. Despite being sanctioned by the International Rugby Board, no caps were awarded to players from either side.
This was the third and final international tour to South America by a combined British team, and although classed as the British Lions, it was predominantly English, with a handful of Scottish and Irish players.The Lions won all the games played, scoring 399 points and conceding only 12.
Chris Westry (born July 10, 1997) is an American football Cornerback for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at the University of Kentucky.
Asta Sofie Amalie Nielsen  (11 September 1881 – 24 May 1972) was a Danish silent film actress who was one of the most popular leading ladies of the 1910s and one of the first international movie stars. Seventy of Nielsen's 74 films were made in Germany where she was known simply as Die Asta (The Asta).
Known for her large dark eyes, mask-like face and boyish figure, Nielsen most often portrayed strong-willed passionate women trapped by tragic circumstances. Due to the erotic nature of her performances, Nielsen's films were censored in the United States, and her work remained relatively obscure to American audiences. She is credited with transforming movie acting from overt theatricality to a more subtle naturalistic style.Nielsen founded her own film studio in Berlin during the 1920s, but returned to Denmark in 1937 after the rise of Nazism in Germany. A private figure in her later years, Nielsen became a collage artist and an author.
William D. Lipe (born 5 May 1935), also known as Bill Lipe, is an archaeologist known for his work in the American Southwest and his Conservation Model. Lipe has contributed to Cultural Resource Management (CRM) and public archaeology. In addition to this, he has done work with the Glen Canyon Project, the Dolores Archaeological Program, and the Crow Canyon Archaeological Center.
Govindasamy Mugesh (born 1970) is an Indian inorganic and physical chemist, a professor and the head of the Mugesh Laboratory attached to the department of Inorganic and Physical Chemistry at the Indian Institute of Science. He is known for his studies on mechanism of thyroid hormone action and is an elected fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences, Indian National Science Academy, Royal Society of Chemistry and the National Academy of Sciences, India. The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, the apex agency of the Government of India for scientific research, awarded him the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology, one of the highest Indian science awards, in 2012, for his contributions to chemical sciences. In 2019, he was awarded the Infosys Prize in Physical Sciences for his seminal work in the chemical synthesis of small molecules and nanomaterials for biomedical applications.
Teškoto or Teshkoto (Macedonian: Тешкото, "the hard one"), is one of the most beautiful folk dances from western Macedonia, specifically from the Mijak ethnographic region. The dance represents the hard life that people had in this region. Its origins come from the period when the locals were leaving their motherland to go out of the country for better life but over the years it has also grown as a symbol for all the pain caused in this region in the past. This folk dance has inspired many artists and poets (for example Blaze Koneski's poem Teškoto).
Simon Simonian (Armenian: Սիմոն Սիմոնեան, 24 March [O.S. 11 March] 1914, Ayntab - March 11, 1986, Beirut) was an Armenian intellectual who founded the literary and social Armenian periodical Spurk (Սփիւռք in Armenian).
Radhica flavovittata is a species of moth of the  family Lasiocampidae. It is found in India and Taiwan.
Transversal Corporation is a British software company specializing in cloud-based knowledge management.
The Campbell House, also known as Colony House #54 and Campbell-Bouwens-Hamming House, is a historic house at 1540 Inner Springer Loop Road, near Palmer, Alaska.  It is a simple 1+1⁄2-story wood-frame structure with a side gable roof.  It was designed by architect and community planner David Williams, and built in 1935 as part of the Matanuska Valley Colony project.  Of the 75 frame houses built as part of the colony, the Campbell House is one of the few that has survived, and is among the best-preserved.  The Campbell House property also retains the original, now restored outhouse, and the chicken coop.  At present time the Campbell House is the only colony home available to the public as a vacation rental.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in April 2013.  It is owned by Quarter 54 Colony Rentals LLC.
Mehreen Mahmud mostly known by her stage name Mehreen, is a Bangladeshi singer. she is the leading Bangladeshi Popstar and a multi-genre artist, covering from folk to classical jazz fusion. she has numerous awards, 7 albums, an astonishing career of 20 years, judging seats in Bangladeshi Idol and The Band Wagon, a band hunt reality show in Kolkata, with Grammy winner A. R. Rahman. Mehreen is a cross over artist who worked with internationally acclaimed composers like Djamel of France, pdt Tonmoy Bose and pdt. Bickram Ghosh of Kolkata to name a few.  There is nothing this powerhouse person hasn't done - anchoring, modeling, stage hosting, news casting etc, before she settled to be the most glamorous figure of Pop radiantly shining herself and country across borders.
The 2013 Critérium du Dauphiné was the sixty-fifth running of the Critérium du Dauphiné cycling stage race; a race, organised by the Amaury Sport Organisation, rated as a World Tour event on the UCI calendar, the highest classification such an event can have. The race consisted of eight stages, beginning in Champéry on 2 June – the first such start for the race in Switzerland – and concluding in Risoul on 9 June, and was the sixteenth race of the 2013 UCI World Tour season. The Dauphiné was viewed as a great preparation for July's Tour de France and a number of the contenders for the general classification of the Tour participated in the Dauphiné. It featured mountainous stages as well as an individual time trial similar in length to the Tour.The race was won by Great Britain's Chris Froome of Team Sky – the third successive year that the squad had won the race, after Bradley Wiggins' victories in 2011 and 2012.  Froome took the overall lead of the race after winning the fifth stage, and maintained his advantage to the end of the race to win his fourth stage race of the 2013 season. Ultimately, Froome won the general classification by 58 seconds over runner-up and team-mate Richie Porte, a domestique for Froome in the mountainous stages on the route. The podium was completed by Daniel Moreno of Team Katusha, who finished 74 seconds in arrears of Porte, and two minutes 12 seconds behind Froome.In the race's other classifications, Garmin–Sharp's Rohan Dennis was the winner of the white jersey for the young rider classification as he was the highest placed rider born in 1988 or later, finishing in eighth place overall. Despite not winning any stages during the race, Gianni Meersman of Omega Pharma–Quick-Step won the green jersey, for the winner of the points classification – gained at intermediate sprints and stage finishes – while the red and white polka-dotted jersey for the King of the Mountains classification went to Argos–Shimano rider Thomas Damuseau. The teams classification was comfortably won by Team Sky for the second year in a row; they were over twelve minutes clear of the next best team, Saxo–Tinkoff.
Herbert Joseph Weld Blundell (1852 – 5 February 1935) was an English traveller in Africa, archaeologist, philanthropist and yachtsman. He shortened his surname from Weld Blundell to Weld, in 1924.
Odahuttidavaru (transl. Siblings) is a 1994 Indian Kannada-language romantic drama film directed by Dorai–Bhagavan. The film starred veteran actors Rajkumar and Ambareesh together for the only time. The female lead roles were portrayed by Madhavi and Srishanti. The film is produced by S. P. Varadaraj for Sri Lakshmi Art Combines. The film was the last work of the acclaimed poet and lyricist Vijaya Narasimha.
The film was highly successful at the box office. The movie saw a theatrical run of 25 weeks.The story revolved around the two farming brothers who undergo various traumas in the relationships due to the external forces and fight them to reunion again. The film met with immense appreciation from the critics and was a blockbuster at the box-office.
John Gregory Dunne (May 25, 1932 – December 30, 2003) was an American writer. He began his career as a journalist for Time magazine before expanding into writing criticism, essays, novels, and screenplays. He often collaborated with his wife, Joan Didion.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo (pronunciation  French: République démocratique du Congo (RDC) [kɔ̃ɡo]), also known as Congo-Kinshasa, DR Congo, the DRC, the DROC, or the Congo, and formerly Zaire, is a country in Central Africa. It is, by area, the second largest country in Africa (after Algeria), and the 11th-largest in the world. It is a member of the United Nations, Non-Aligned Movement, African Union, and COMESA. Since 2015, the Eastern DR Congo has been the site of an ongoing military conflict in Kivu. The capital and largest city is Kinshasa.
Centered on the Congo Basin, the territory of the DRC was first inhabited by Central African foragers around 90,000 years ago and was reached by the Bantu expansion about 3,000 years ago. In the west, the Kingdom of Kongo ruled around the mouth of the Congo River from the 14th to 19th centuries. In the northeast, center and east, the kingdoms of Azande, Luba and Lunda ruled from the 16th and 17th centuries to the 19th century.
In the 1870s, just before the onset of the Scramble for Africa, European exploration of the Congo Basin was carried out, first led by Henry Morton Stanley under the sponsorship of Leopold II of Belgium. Leopold formally acquired rights to the Congo territory at the Berlin Conference in 1885 and declared the land his private property, naming it the Congo Free State. During the Free State, his colonial military unit, the Force Publique, forced the local population to produce rubber. From 1885 to 1908, millions of Congolese people died as a consequence of disease and exploitation. In 1908, Leopold, despite his initial reluctance, ceded to Belgium the so-called Free State, which thus became known as the Belgian Congo.
Congo achieved independence from Belgium on 30 June 1960 under the name Republic of the Congo. Congolese nationalist Patrice Lumumba was elected the first Prime Minister, while Joseph Kasa-Vubu became the first President. During the Congo Crisis, Joseph-Désiré Mobutu, who later renamed himself Mobutu Sese Seko, officially came into power through a coup d'état and renamed the country Zaire in 1971. The country was run as a dictatorial one-party state, with his Popular Movement of the Revolution as the sole legal party. By the early 1990s, Mobutu's government began to weaken. Destabilisation in the east resulting from the 1994 Rwandan genocide led to a 1996 invasion led by Rwanda, which led to Mobutu's ousting in the First Congo War the following year.Laurent-Désiré Kabila then became the new president, reverting the country's name to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Tensions between President Kabila and the Rwandan and Tutsi presence in the country led to the Second Congo War from 1998 to 2003. Ultimately, nine African countries and around twenty armed groups became involved in the war, which resulted in the deaths of 5.4 million people. The two wars devastated the country. Kabila was assassinated by one of his bodyguards on 16 January 2001 and was succeeded eight days later by his son Joseph, under whom human rights in the country remained poor and included frequent abuses such as forced disappearances, torture, arbitrary imprisonment and restrictions on civil liberties according to NGOs. Following the 2018 general election, in the country's first peaceful transition of power since independence, Kabila was succeeded as president by Félix Tshisekedi, who has served as president since.The Democratic Republic of the Congo is extremely rich in natural resources but has suffered from political instability, a lack of infrastructure, corruption, and centuries of both commercial and colonial extraction and exploitation with little widespread development. Besides the capital Kinshasa, the two next largest cities, Lubumbashi and Mbuji-Mayi, are both mining communities. The DRC's largest export is raw minerals, with China accepting over 50% of its exports in 2019. In 2019, DR Congo's level of human development was ranked 175th out of 189 countries by the Human Development Index. As of 2018, around 600,000 Congolese have fled to neighbouring countries from conflicts in the centre and east of the DRC. Two million children risk starvation, and the fighting has displaced 4.5 million people.
Jidi (Chinese: 寂地; born June 22, 1983) is the pen name of Zu Yale (Chinese: 祖雅乐), a Chinese illustrator and cartoonist. She graduated from Southwest University for Nationalities.Her representative work is the cartoon book, "My Way" series. She has won many cartoon awards home and abroad and participated in many international art interchange activities. Now lives in Dali, Yunnan. 
Since 2004, the cartoon books, "My Way" series have been successively published, and, at present, they have been authorized to publish in France, Malaysia and other countries. Meanwhile, the "My Way"series have continuously hit the best-selling list of literature books in every well-known book city, and been recognized and loved by the readers with its sales volume stably retaining the first place of inland cartoon books. 
With her fresh and warm drawing style, appealing colors, and mild and sorrowful words, Jidi is honored as "emotional color magician" and cartoonist producing cartoon books warming people’s hearts. 
In June, 2002, Jidi, a student of department of painting in Southwest Institute for Nationalities (the predecessor of Southwest University for Nationalities), began to serialize the cartoon book, My Way, on Xinlei•STORY 100, and its gorgeous colors and delicate feelings attracted the attention of readers at once. In October, 2004, with extremely high popularity, the offprint of My Way was published. And by virtue of her fresh and warm drawing style, appealing colors, and mild and sorrowful words, it received a high opinion from readers.
Generation Nothing is the tenth studio album by American heavy metal band Metal Church. It is their first after their late 2012 reunion, and their fourth and last to feature vocalist Ronny Munroe.
Wojciech "Wojtek" Zarzycki (born 21 June 1982 in Wrocław, Poland) is a former Polish-Canadian footballer who last played for St. Catharines Wolves.
Risso is a village or populated centre in the Soriano Department of western Uruguay.
Tavistock is a borough in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 5, reflecting a decline of 19 (-79.2%) from the 24 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn declined by 11 (-31.4%) from the 35 counted in the 1990 Census. As of the 2010 Census it was the smallest municipality by population in New Jersey, with seven fewer residents than nearby Pine Valley, which had 12.Tavistock was incorporated as a borough by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 16, 1921, from portions of the now-defunct Centre Township. The name of the borough came from the estate in England of a family of early settlers.The borough was formed in order to allow the members of Tavistock Country Club to play golf on Sundays by members of the Victor Talking Machine Company. This was prohibited at the Haddon Country Club which was governed by a local blue law prohibiting sporting activities on Sundays. Tavistock's secession from Haddonfield, New Jersey, the original site of the club, is said to have been driven by the fact that Haddonfield was (and remains) a dry borough, though Tavistock was formed in 1921 during Prohibition when liquor would have been banned. Members of the club included State Senator Joseph Wallworth and Assembly Speaker T. Harry Rowland, who helped push the bill that created the new municipality to unanimous approval in the New Jersey Legislature.
Rhapsodomancy is an ancient form of divination performed by choosing through some method a specific passage or poem from which to ascertain information.
There were various methods for practicing rhapsodomancy. Sometimes, individuals would write several verses or sentences from a poet on multiple pieces of wood, paper, or similar material, shake them together in an urn, and pick one at random. Sometimes, they cast dice on a table that was covered with verses; the one on which the die landed was said to contain the prediction.
In ancient Rome, the method of sortes involved opening a book and choosing some verse at first sight.  This method was particularly called the sortes Praenestinae; and afterwards, according to the poet who was used, sortes Homerica, sortes Virgilianae, etc.
Crossroads was a medieval-era focused communal site in Australia, established and run by a cooperative. Its aim was to re create a medieval European village on the site, and to establish co-operative style dwellings.
A bridge restaurant or restaurant bridge is a restaurant, usually indoors, built like a bridge over a road, mostly over freeways or motorways. It usually provides access from both sides of the road without the need of crossing the road by tunnel or footbridge. The construction also attracts the attention of motorists, making it easy to find the rest area.
John Philip Jacob Elkann (born 1 April 1976) is an Italian-American  industrialist. In 1997, he became the chosen heir of his grandfather Gianni Agnelli, following the death of Gianni's nephew Giovanni Alberto Agnelli and in 2008 became the head of IFIL, an Agnelli family investment company now part of Exor. He chairs the automaker Stellantis and is the chairman and CEO of Exor, the holding company controlled by the Agnelli family, which also owns PartnerRe and holds a controlling stake in Ferrari, CNH Industrial and Juventus F.C. In July 2018 he was appointed chairman of Ferrari after Sergio Marchionne left due to health issues. In December 2020, Elkann became temporary CEO upon the departure of Louis Camilleri until August 2021.
The Portrait of a Lady is a 1996 film adaptation of Henry James's 1881 novel The Portrait of a Lady directed by Jane Campion.
The film stars Nicole Kidman, Barbara Hershey, John Malkovich, Mary-Louise Parker, Martin Donovan, Shelley Duvall, Richard E. Grant, Shelley Winters, Viggo Mortensen, Valentina Cervi, Christian Bale, and John Gielgud.
The Hon. Edward Erskine  (28 March 1817 – 19 April 1883) was a British diplomat who was envoy to Greece and Sweden and Norway.
Jim Barnes (born c. 1959) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Wooster College in Wooster, Ohio from 1995 to 1999 and his alma mater, Augustana College in Rock Island, Illinois, from 2000 to 2010, compiling a career college football coaching record of 116–47.
Quantum neural networks are computational neural network models which are based on the principles of quantum mechanics. The first ideas on quantum neural computation were published independently in 1995 by Subhash Kak and Ron Chrisley, engaging with the theory of quantum mind, which posits that quantum effects play a role in cognitive function. However, typical research in quantum neural networks involves combining classical artificial neural network models (which are widely used in machine learning for the important task of pattern recognition) with the advantages of quantum information in order to develop more efficient algorithms. One important motivation for these investigations is the difficulty to train classical neural networks, especially in big data applications. The hope is that features of quantum computing such as quantum parallelism or the effects of interference and entanglement can be used as resources. Since the technological implementation of a quantum computer is still in a premature stage, such quantum neural network models are mostly theoretical proposals that await their full implementation in physical experiments.
Most Quantum neural networks are developed as feed-forward networks. Similar to their classical counterparts, this structure intakes input from one layer of qubits, and passes that input onto another layer of qubits. This layer of qubits evaluates this information and passes on the output to the next layer. Eventually the path leads to the final layer of qubits. The layers do not have to be of the same width, meaning they don't have to have the same number of qubits as the layer before or after it. This structure is trained on which path to take similar to classical artificial neural networks. This is discussed in a lower section. Quantum neural networks refer to three different categories: Quantum computer with classical data, classical computer with quantum data, and quantum computer with quantum data.
This is a list of DC Comics characters that appear in the Flashpoint reality.
The Solar Film (also known as A Short Film on Solar Energy)  is a 1979 short film  by Elaine and Saul Bass and produced by Michael Britton.
This list of political parties in Thailand names current and disbanded Thai political parties.
Peoria approximella, the carmine snout moth, is a species of pyralid moth in the family Pyralidae.The MONA or Hodges number for Peoria approximella is 6053.
Melanocercops phractopa is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from India (Bihar) and Japan (the Ryukyu Islands).The wingspan is 5.2-6.8 mm.
The larvae feed on Ficus benghalensis, Ficus indica, Ficus infectoria and Ficus microcarpa. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
This is a list of matches of FC Dynamo Kyiv in Europe.
Cornuboniscus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Tournaisian stage of the Mississippian epoch.
Tiroler Tageszeitung (also known as TT) is a German-language provincial daily newspaper published in Innsbruck, Austria. The paper has been in circulation since 1945.
Alukah is a Hebrew word that means "horse-leech", a type of leech with many teeth that feeds on the throats of animals. According to biblical scholars, alukah can mean "blood-lusting monster" or vampire. Alukah is first referred to in Proverbs 30 of the Bible (Prov. 30:16).While this may seem to be a reasonable postulation, the problem with it is that the word "alukah" does not appear in the passage. The transliterated presentation of the word translated as "the barren" is weoser - pronounced wa-O-ser - and it means barren, as in incapable of reproduction, and can be used reflectively regarding oppression or prison - a place or condition without hope or lively conclusion.The most detailed description of the alukah appears in Sefer Chasidim, where the creature is understood to be a living human being, but can shape-change into a wolf. It can fly (by releasing its long hair) and would eventually die if prevented from feeding on blood for a long enough time. Once dead, a vampire can be prevented from becoming a demon by being buried with its mouth stuffed with earth.Solomon refers to a female demon named "Alukah" in a riddle he tells in Proverbs. The riddle involves Alukah's ability to curse a womb bearing seed. Historically, Alukah has been closely associated with Lilith or thought to be her direct descendant. The name Alukah may, additionally, merely be another title for Lilith.R. E. L. Masters describes the 'Alukah as "a Hebrew succubus and vampire derived from Babylonian demonology."
18,19-Dehydrobuprenorphine (HS-599) is a didehydro derivative of buprenorphine.  It has about twice the potency of buprenorphine. It has produced a long-lasting antinociceptive response in animal tests.18,19-Dehydrobuprenorphine never induced conditioned place-preference in test animals, unlike buprenorphine and morphine.18,19-Dehydrobuprenorphine has about three times higher affinity for the μ-opioid receptor but lower  affinity for δ- and κ-opioid receptors when compared with buprenorphine.
The Battle of Velika Hoča (Serbian: Борба у Великој Хочи) between the Serbian Chetnik Organization, a Serbian rebel faction, and Ottoman irregulars from Orahovac, took place on 25 May 1905.
Taboga Island (Spanish: Isla Taboga), also known as the "Island of Flowers", is a volcanic island in the Gulf of Panama. It is a tourist destination, about 20 km from Panama City, Panama.
Maguey worms (Spanish: gusano del maguey, [gu'sanos de maɣej] (listen); chinicuil [tʃiniˈkujles] (listen)), are one of two species of edible caterpillars that infest maguey (Agave americana) and Agave tequilana plants.
Yawkey Way is the former name of a short street located in the Fenway–Kenmore neighborhood of the American city of Boston, Massachusetts. It was originally a continuation of Jersey Street, part of the Back Bay scheme of alphabetical streets, until 1977, when the two blocks immediately adjacent to Fenway Park were renamed for Tom Yawkey, owner of the Boston Red Sox from 1933 to 1976. It ran for two blocks from Brookline Avenue in the north to Boylston Street in the south, where it became Jersey Street. 
On April 26, 2018, the city of Boston announced it would revert the name of the street to its original name of Jersey Street. The change became official on May 3.Fenway Park's address was 4 Yawkey Way. The original address was 24 Jersey Street. After the 2018 name change, the park's address is now 4 Jersey Street.
Niels Christian Ditleff (29 October 1881 – 18 June 1956) was a Norwegian diplomat, noted for his humanitarian efforts on behalf of captives of the Germans during World War 2. In spite of opposition from his own and allied governments, he initiated and organized the White Buses campaign to rescue Scandinavian prisoners in German concentration camps. He was also instrumental in evacuating foreign diplomats from Warsaw during the German invasion and to rescue Jews in coordination with Nansenhjelpen.
"Harbinger" is the sixty-seventh episode of Star Trek: Enterprise, the fifteenth episode from the third season. "Harbinger" works together three plot lines in a single episode: T'Pol-Tucker relationship, Hayes (the MACO commander) and Reed tension, and uncovering the nature of a mysterious alien discovered in an anomaly and its possible links to the expanse sphere builders. Guest star Thomas Kopache plays the alien guest, and Noa Tishby plays Amanda Cole, the third in the T'Pol-Tucker love triangle.
Bajo Boquete   is a corregimiento in Boquete District, Chiriquí Province, Panama. It is the seat of Boquete District. It has a land area of 18.2 square kilometres (7.0 sq mi) and had a population of 4,493 as of 2010, giving it a population density of 246.5 inhabitants per square kilometre (638/sq mi). Its population as of 1990 was 10,908; its population as of 2000 was 3,833.
Ceiba barrio-pueblo is a barrio and the administrative center (seat) of Ceiba, a municipality of Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,677. As was customary in Spain, in Puerto Rico, the municipality has a barrio called pueblo which contains a central plaza, the municipal buildings (city hall), and a Catholic church. Fiestas patronales (patron saint festivals) are held in the central plaza every year.
Sergey Petrovich Morozov (Russian: Сергей Петрович Морозов; born 9 May 1973), is a Russian statesman and security official, who is currently an employee of the state security bodies.
Morozov served as the acting Governor of Astrakhan Oblast from 2018 to 2019.He is a major general as of 2017.
Ingen kan love dig i morgen is the third studio album by the Danish singer-songwriter Rasmus Seebach released on 4 November 2013 at ArtPeople label, as a follow-up to the hugely successful debut album Rasmus Seebach and the follow-up Mer' end kærlighed
The album received triple platinum certification in the first week of its release and hit the official Danish Singles Chart at No. 1 on week 46/2013 dated 22 November 2013. During 2013–2014, it has stayed at the top of the Tracklisten Albums Chart for 12 weeks at various intervals ranging from 22 November 2013 until 16 August 2014.
The album was the No. 1 album of 2014, the No. 8 album of 2015 and the No. 32 album of 2016.
Fritillaria meleagris is a Eurasian species of flowering plant in the lily family Liliaceae. Its common names include snake's head fritillary, snake's head (the original English name), chess flower, frog-cup, guinea-hen flower, guinea flower, leper lily (because its shape resembled the bell once carried by lepers),  Lazarus bell, chequered lily, chequered daffodil, drooping tulip  or, in the British Isles, simply fritillary. The plant is a bulbous perennial native to the flood river plains of Europe where it grows in abundance.
Mauricio Hernández Norambuena (born 23 April 1958) is a former guerrilla fighter and commander of the political-military organization Manuel Rodríguez Patriotic Front (Frente Patriótico Manuel Rodríguez, FPMR) where he performed some of the main military and logistical functions within the group, thus becoming one of its main leaders. During his stay at the FPMR, he acquired the nickname "Commander Ramiro" (Comandante Ramiro), with which he is still widely known today. 
Both the FPMR and Mauricio Hernández Norambuena were declared to be terrorists by the United States Department of State from 1997 until 1999.
The Bonneville Expedition was a military operation launched by the United States Army in 1857 at the beginning of the Chiricahua Apache Wars. Colonel Benjamin Bonneville, Lieutenant Colonel Dixon S. Miles, and Colonel William W. Loring commanded parties which headed west from Fort Fillmore, New Mexico Territory. The expedition quickly engaged Apaches in two small but significant battles, the first in the Black Range and the second along the Gila River near present-day Safford, Arizona.
Irwin Douglas "Tack" Kuntz is an important figure in the field of computer-aided drug design and molecular modeling.  He is a pioneer in the development and conception of the area of study known as molecular docking.  One of the first docking programs DOCK was developed in his group in 1982.
Open Mouth Kiss is the fourth album by New York band, Leeway. It was released in 1995 on Bulletproof Records and follows Adult Crash from 1994. It is the band's final album to date.
The track, "I Believe", is a cover version of the song by English punk rock band, Buzzcocks.
Hey, That's My Fish! is a 2003 board game designed by Günter Cornett and Alveydas Jakeliunas. The game is for two to four players.
Impi Brecher Visser (born (1995-05-30)30 May 1995) is a South African rugby sevens player for the South Africa national team in the World Rugby Sevens Series. In sevens usually plays as a forward, but is a centre in fifteen-a-side rugby.He also played rugby union for the Blue Bulls at youth level, initially as a scrum-half before making a move to the centre. He played for the UP Tuks, university side in the Varsity Cup, winning the competition in the 2017 season and also going on representing the Varsity Cup dream team during that same year in an exhibition match against the Junior Springboks.
"Impi", a zulu word, meaning a group of warriors, is not a nickname, but his given name. He has a degree in mechanical engineering.
John Higgins (born 1949) is an English comic book artist and writer. He did significant work for 2000 AD, and he has frequently worked with writer Alan Moore, most notably as colourist for Watchmen.
Frensdorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg.
Stenbury Down is a chalk down on the Isle of Wight. It is located close to the town of Ventnor, in the southeast of the island, and rises to 226 metres at its highest point, west of Wroxall, Isle of Wight. Stenbury Down is an elongate down running approximately north to south.
At the north end of Stenbury Down, also called Appuldurcombe Down, there is an obelisk erected in 1774 by Sir Richard Worsley in memory of Sir Robert Worsley of Appuldurcombe House. The monument was struck by lightning in 1831 and partially demolished. In 1983 it was restored to its current state by General Sir Richard Worsley with assistance from the Isle of Wight Council and the people of Gatcombe Parish. 
There are also two prominent radio masts. The northern end terminates in the Gat Cliff, whereas the southern end transition into Week Down.
Vehicle access is available via Rew Lane and a steep unnamed road.
Shark minnow (Luciosoma bleekeri; Chinese: 布氏梭大口魚, Thai: ปลาซิวอ้าว, pla sio ao, Khmer: តែីដងដវ, trey dang dau or តែីបង្កួយ, trey bangkuy) is a species of small cyprinid fish found in Southeast Asia from the Mae Klong River to the Mekong. It lives mainly in rivers, moving into flooded forests and fields during the floods and back into the river as the floods recede. It usually swims close to the surface in schools of many individuals. It is one of the most abundant of the different types of minnow-sized fishes known as pla sio in Thailand.
The Bombardier M5000 is a model of light rail passenger vehicle. It is part of the Bombardier Flexity Swift range of vehicles, built specifically as a high-floor, articulated bi-directional tram to operate solely on the Manchester Metrolink system in England. The Metrolink system is the only tram network in the United Kingdom capable of running vehicles in multiple and subsequently the M5000s can operate as either a single vehicle or coupled together to form a "double" unit.
The first M5000 entered service on 21 December 2009. Following the withdrawal of the last AnsaldoBreda T-68 and T-68A trams in May 2014, the M5000s have operated all Metrolink services.
Dominowo [dɔmiˈnɔvɔ] is a village in Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dominowo. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
The Pool of the Black One is a  collection of two fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.  The book was published in 1986 by Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc. as volume X of their deluxe Conan set.  The title story originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.  "Drums of Tombalku"  is the original fragment of a story that Howard never completed.  It first appeared, completed by L. Sprague de Camp, in the collection Conan the Adventurer.
Primary cutaneous amyloidosis is a form of amyloidosis associated with oncostatin M receptor.  
This type of amyloidosis has been divided into the following types:: 520 
Macular amyloidosis is a cutaneous condition characterized by itchy, brown, rippled macules usually located on the interscapular region of the back.: 521  Combined cases of lichen and macular amyloidosis are termed biphasic amyloidosis, and provide support to the theory that these two variants of amyloidosis exist on the same disease spectrum.
Lichen amyloidosis is a cutaneous condition characterized by the appearance of occasionally itchy lichenoid papules, typically appearing bilaterally on the shins.: 521 
Nodular amyloidosis is a rare cutaneous condition characterized by nodules that involve the acral areas.: 521 
Mgr. Theodorus Lumanauw (8 May 1922 – 18 May 1981) was archbishop of Ujung Pandang from 7 August 1973 until his death in office on 18 May 1981.
Chaprot Pass (Urdu: درہ چھپروٹ) is a mountain pass to the northeast of Mehrbani Peak in the northwest of Chaprote, Nagar District.  This pass is at an elevation of 16,090 feet (4,900 m).
The General Levelling of France (niveau général de la France or NGF)
forms a network of benchmarks in mainland France and Corsica, now overseen by the Institut Géographique National. It is now the official levelling network in mainland France. It is made up of two networks:
NGF - IGN69 for mainland France, with the 'zero level' determined by the tide gauge at Marseille
NGF - IGN78 for Corsica, with the 'zero level' determined by the tide gauge at Ajaccio
Andres Figueroa (born 7 December 1963) is a Chilean alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
See Archaeology of WalesThe Welsh Archaeological Trusts are four archaeological organisations established in the mid-1970s to respond to rescue archaeology. They are independent charitable trusts which together provide a uniform regional archaeology service across Wales, working closely with Welsh Government and local authorities and forming a 'tripod' of archaeology and cultural heritage institutions with Cadw and the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales.The Trusts maintain Historic Environment Records for their respective areas to provide archaeological advice to central government, planning authorities and other public bodies. This heritage management work is supported by Cadw, together with associated archaeological projects and conservation of sites and historic landscapes. Although they perform some of the functions that elsewhere in the UK are delivered by public bodies, the Welsh Archaeological Trusts are independent charities with political and operational autonomy. The Welsh Archaeological Trusts also generate income by providing archaeological consulting and contracting services for a range of clients - both in Wales and elsewhere. They also deliver a wide range of public engagement and archaeological outreach events and activities, with funding from many sources.
The Welsh HERs were made statutory by the Historic Environment (Wales) Act 2016. This placed an obligation on Welsh Ministers to maintain the HERs, and this duty is discharged by the four Welsh Archaeological Trusts. On 1 July 2010 the four Welsh Trusts launched their online searchable HER website known as Archwilio, at the Treftadaeth Conference in Swansea.
The site was launched by Alun Ffred Jones AM, Minister for Heritage, who observed “Wales is the first country in Britain that has made all its archaeological records available online”, and “Archwilio will be a tremendous asset not only for the people of Wales but also for those further afield who have an interest in the rich archaeology and cultural heritage of our country”. The site contains the combined record of the four Trusts and gives the public free access to over 100,000 pieces of information about historic sites across Wales.
Hot Stove League (Korean: 스토브리그; RR: Seutobeurigeu; lit. Stove League) is a South Korean television series that aired on SBS TV from December 13, 2019, to February 14, 2020. The series stars Namkoong Min, Park Eun-bin, Oh Jung-se, and Jo Byeong-kyu. It revolves around a baseball team named Dreams, which has been the worst in the league for four consecutive years.
Hot Stove League received critical acclaim and several awards, including Best Drama at the 56th Baeksang Arts Awards. Namkoong won his first Grand Prize (Daesang) at the 28th SBS Drama Awards.
Géza von Radványi (born Géza Grosschmid, 26 September 1907 – 27 November 1986) was a Hungarian film director, cinematographer, producer and writer.
The 1999–2000 Coppa Italia was the 53rd edition of the tournament, which began on 15 August 1999 and ended on 18 May 2000. In the final, Lazio beat Internazionale 2–1 on aggregate to win their third Coppa Italia.
The Yamaha CS-15 is a Monophonic analog synthesizer produced by Yamaha from 1979 to 1982.
Gear Blues is an album by the band Thee Michelle Gun Elephant, released in 1998. It was released in the United States in 2000.
This article is a list of historic places in Gloucester County, New Brunswick entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.
Lackeya is a monotypic genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Fabaceae. It only contains one known species, 'Lackeya multiflora' (Torr. & A.Gray) Fortunato, L.P.Queiroz & G.P.Lewis  It has the common name of Boykin's Clusterpea (Dioclea multiflora).
It is a climbing herbaceous plant that grows in warm temperate to subtropical riverine woodland, woodland margins and grassland.Its native range is central and south-eastern USA. It is found in the states of Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas.The genus name of Lackeya is in honour of James A. Lackey (b. 1943), American botanist at Iowa State University and the Smithsonian Institution and also specialist in Fabaceae and Phaseoleae families of plants. The Latin specific epithet of multiflora means multiple or many flowers.
Both genus and species were first described and published in Kew Bull. Vol.51 on pages 365-366 in 1996.
In ancient Roman religion, the dii (also di) Novensiles or Novensides are collective deities of obscure significance found in inscriptions, prayer formulary, and both ancient and early-Christian literary texts.
In antiquity, the initial element of the word novensiles was thought to derive from either "new" (novus) or "nine" (novem). The form novensides has been explained as "new settlers," from novus and insidere, "to settle". The enduringly influential 19th-century scholar Georg Wissowa thought that the novensiles or novensides were deities the Romans regarded as imported, that is, not indigenous like the di Indigetes.Although Wissowa treated the categories of indigetes and novensiles as a fundamental way to classify Roman gods, the distinction is hard to maintain; many scholars reject it. Arnaldo Momigliano pointed out that no ancient text poses novensiles and indigetes as a dichotomy, and that the etymology of novensides is far from settled. In his treatise on orthography, the 4th-century philosopher Marius Victorinus regarded the spellings novensiles and novensides as a simple phonetic alteration of l and d, characteristic of the Sabine language. Some ancient sources say the novensiles are nine in number, leading to both ancient and modern identifications with other divine collectives numbering nine, such as the nine Etruscan deities empowered to wield thunder or with the Muses. The name is thus sometimes spelled Novemsiles or Novemsides.
It may be that only the cults of deities considered indigenous were first established within the sacred boundary of Rome (pomerium), with "new" gods on the Aventine Hill or in the Campus Martius, but it is uncertain whether the terms indigetes and novensiles correspond to this topography. William Warde Fowler observed that at any rate a distinction between "indigenous" and "imported" begins to vanish during the Hannibalic War, when immigrant deities are regularly invoked for the protection of the state.
James Warlick (born March 29, 1956) is a US diplomat, former United States Ambassador to Bulgaria.
James Warlick a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, was announced for nomination by President Barack Obama on October 1, 2009 and confirmed on December 29, 2009 by the United States Senate, and sworn in on January 25, 2010, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Bulgaria.As of September 2013, he is the U.S. Co-Chair of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) Minsk Group, a position that comes to an end on 31 December 2016, according to a message, published by Warlick on his Twitter account.
Patrick Bonnet (born 6 September 1957) is a former French racing cyclist. He rode in five editions of the Tour de France between 1979 and 1984.
The following is a list of items with recorded Factory Records numbers. The list primarily consists of music releases but also includes promotional graphics, film, etc. However, the list was not confined to creative output. A party (FAC 83), a lawsuit (FAC 61) and a cat (FAC 191) appear on the list along with other miscellany.
Number allocation was only roughly chronological. Special numbers were reserved for significant Factory output. For instance, albums by Joy Division and New Order are typically cataloged under multiples of 25; the sole exceptions to this are two Joy Division albums: Unknown Pleasures (FACT 10) and Still (FACT 40). The final recording issued by Factory, Happy Mondays' 1992 single "Sunshine & Love", bears the number FAC 372; nevertheless, a handful of recordings issued earlier (sometimes years earlier) have higher catalogue numbers.
After Factory Records declared bankruptcy in 1992, Factory co-founder Tony Wilson continued to assign Factory numbers to numerous events and magazine interviews through to his death in 2007. Other late-period Factory catalogue items include a film (FAC 401), a recording issued by another label (FACT 500), a poster for a 2004 memorial event honouring Rob Gretton (FAC 511), and Tony Wilson's own coffin (FAC 501).
Several numbers (e.g., FAC 317/318/319) were multiply allocated to unrelated projects. As well, many of the catalogue numbers, especially those above FAC 330, weren't allocated at all (or were allocated to unreleased or unrealized projects).
Contoura Vision is a topography guided laser technology used to correct refractive error and thereby decreasing or eliminating dependency on glasses or contact lenses. Contoura Vision technology reduces side effects that linked with laser procedures like LASIK and SMILE. It was FDA approved in the US in 2016. The Contoura Vision method provides a measurement of 22,000 points as compared to 200 points provided by wave front-guided LASIK method. The imperfections in the cornea are recorded and is then corrected with the help of laser.
Major Sir Edward Hale Tindal Atkinson, KCB, CBE (19 September 1878 – 26 December 1957) was a British barrister and judge who served as the Director of Public Prosecutions from 1930 to 1944. After studying at Trinity College, Oxford, Atkinson built up a substantial practice as a barrister.  His volunteer work in the First World War subsequently forced him to stop practising at the bar. After the end of the war, for his work at the peace conference Atkinson was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire and Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur. Atkinson re-established his practice and was made Director of Public Prosecutions in March 1930. His period in office is generally seen as a success, and he was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1932. Following his retirement, Atkinson served as chairman of the Central Price Regulation Committee, dying on 26 December 1957.
Jiří Korn (born May 17, 1949 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech recording artist and actor. Korn is a highly acclaimed musician in his native Czechoslovakia, and remains after his five decade long career one of the most prominent Czech singer-songwriters, but is internationally perhaps best known for his single Miss Moskva, which received radio play in most European countries, including France, Germany, Croatia, Hungary and Norway.
Manoa Falls is a 150-foot waterfall along the Manoa Falls Trail in Honolulu, Hawaii. Swimming in the pool below the waterfall is highly discouraged because there is a threat of becoming infected with Leptospirosis, a disease causing mild to moderate flulike symptoms that can last for 1 to 2 weeks. Many tourists are attracted to the waterfall and the scenery throughout the trail leading to it. Another attraction near Manoa Falls is the Lyon Arboretum, which preserves many endangered Hawaiian plant species. The hike to Manoa Falls and back takes about one hour. The waterfall and surrounding area experience rainfall almost every day, and flash floods can occur.
In image analysis, the generalized structure tensor (GST) is an extension of the Cartesian structure tensor to curvilinear coordinates. It is mainly used to detect and to represent the "direction" parameters of curves, just as the Cartesian structure tensor detects and represents the direction in Cartesian coordinates.  Curve families generated by pairs of locally orthogonal functions have been the best studied.
It is a widely known method in applications of image and video processing including computer vision, such as biometric identification by fingerprints,  and studies of human tissue sections.
Rahzel's Greatest Knock Outs! is the second album by American beatboxer and hip hop artist Rahzel. It was released on June 1, 2004, via Sure Shot Recordings.
Egon Zehnder is a global management consulting and executive search firm. Egon Zehnder is the world's largest privately held executive search firm and the third largest executive search and talent strategy firm globally. The firm offers services in  Executive Search, Board Consulting and Leadership Strategy Services.
The Honda Crossrunner (also called VFR800X) is a versatile touring motorcycle launched by Honda at the 2010 EICMA Milan Motorcycle Show. It went on sale in 2011, with first deliveries later that summer. Its 782 cc (47.7 cu in) V4 engine was derived from the successful VFR800.  While the VFR800 was a sport touring motorcycle, the Crossrunner has a low saddle, wide-handlebars, long-travel suspension, and special Pirelli Scorpion tires better suited to "soft roads".
Elisabeth Margarete Biermann (née Brink, born Frey, 2 April 1905 – 28 October 1985), known professionally as Elga Brink, was a German film actress. Brink rose to prominence in the early 1920s, when she starred in many silent films. Her last silent film was Marriage in Trouble in 1928. After silent films, Brink continued acting in sound films until her retirement in 1951. Her last role was in the 1951 movie Das fremde Leben. After her retirement, Brink remarried and worked as a clerk in Hamburg until her death in 1985.
Allerton Garden, also known as Lāwaʻi-kai, is a botanical garden, originally created by Robert Allerton and John Gregg Allerton, located on the south shore of Kauai, Hawaii. The garden covers an 80-acre (320,000 m2) area and is situated beside the Lāwaʻi Bay, in a valley transected by the Lāwaʻi Stream. It is one of the five gardens of the non-profit National Tropical Botanical Garden.
The Calumet Plantation House, in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana near Patterson, Louisiana, was built around 1830, modified c.1850-70, and further modified around 1950.  It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The house was deemed architecturally significant "as an example of a very successful conversion and major enlargement of an early nineteenth century 'cottage' sized house into a mid-nineteenth century large 'plantation house.'"
The family as a model for the organization of the state is a theory of political philosophy.  It either explains the structure of certain kinds of state in terms of the structure of the family (as a model or as a claim about the historical growth of the state), or it attempts to justify certain types of state by appeal to the structure of the family.  The first known writer to use it (certainly in any clear and developed way) was Aristotle, who argued that the natural progression of human beings was from the family via small communities to the polis.
Many writers from ancient times to the present have seen parallels between the family and the forms of the state. In particular, monarchists have argued that the state mirrors the patriarchal family, with the people obeying the king as children obey their father.
William Graham, 3rd Earl of Menteith (c. 1500 – c. 1543) was a Scottish magnate and third Earl of Menteith.
Victor Huang Wei-de (born 21 October 1971) is a Taiwanese actor and singer.
State Route 158 (SR 158) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known for most of its length as Front Street, the state highway runs 2.52 miles (4.06 km) from U.S. Route 58 Alternate (US 58 Alternate) in Coeburn east to US 58 Alternate east of Coeburn. SR 158 comprises much of the old alignment of US 58 Alternate through Coeburn in eastern Wise County.
John R. Buchtel Community Learning Center, formerly known as John R. Buchtel High School and often referred to as Buchtel High School or Buchtel CLC, is a public high school in Akron, Ohio, United States, serving grades 7–12.  It is one of seven high schools in the Akron Public Schools. As of 2012, the school has an enrollment of 764 students.
"Noche Sin Día" (pronounced [notʃe sĩn̪ dia]; Spanish for "Night With No Day) is a song recorded by Italian trio Il Volo, featuring Cuban reggaeton duo Gente de Zona. It was released digitally on May 25, 2018, by Sony Music Latin as the lead single from Il Volo's upcoming fifth studio album.
Chemins de Terre is a folk rock album by Alan Stivell, originally released in 1973. It was produced by Franck Giboni. It was retitled From Celtic Roots... in the United Kingdom and Celtic Rock in Germany.
Maja Kersnik (born April 17, 1981) is a badminton player from Slovenia.
She played at the 2005 World Badminton Championships and reached the second round, which she lost to Mia Audina of the Netherlands. 
In her home country she won five titles at the Slovenian National Badminton Championships.
Flos fulgida, the shining plushblue, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in the Indomalayan realm, including India. The species was first described by William Chapman Hewitson in 1863.
Pêro de Alenquer was a 15th-century Portuguese explorer of the African coast. 
He accompanied Bartolomeu Dias on his journey around the Cape of Good Hope in 1487/1488. He was the pilot of Vasco da Gama's flagship on the latter's first voyage to India and later wrote of it.
Bola Abimbola (born c. 1968) is a vocalist, recording artist, and record producer from Lagos, Nigeria.
Charles Alaimalo (born 14 June 1999 in New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player. His usual position is as a Flanker and he currently plays for Southland in the NPC.Alaimalo represented Southland in the 2019 and 2020 Mitre 10 Cups, scoring one try in 20 appearances. In March 2021, he joined Italian side Zebre for the remainder of the 2020–21 Pro14 season and Pro14 Rainbow Cup.He is the brother of Highlanders winger Solomon Alaimalo.
Eight ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Devonshire, originally in honour of William Cavendish, 1st Duke of Devonshire, and later after the county of Devonshire (now called Devon).
HMS Devonshire (1692) was an 80-gun third rate launched in 1692 and blown up in action with the French in 1707 at the Battle at the Lizard.
HMS Devonshire (1710) was an 80-gun third rate, launched in 1710, hulked in 1740, and sold in 1760.
HMS Devonshire (1745) was a 74-gun third rate launched in 1745 and broken up in 1772.
HMS Devonshire (1804) was a fire ship purchased in 1804 and expended on 3 October of that year at Boulogne-sur-Mer.
HMS Devonshire (1812) was a 74-gun third rate launched in 1812, on harbour service from 1849, and broken up in 1869.
HMS Devonshire (1904) was a  Devonshire-class armoured cruiser launched in 1904 and sold in 1921.
HMS Devonshire (39) was a County-class heavy cruiser launched in 1927, converted to a training ship in 1947, and sold in 1954.
HMS Devonshire (D02) was a County-class guided missile destroyer launched in 1960 and sunk as a target in 1984.
Kesar Gangwar Singh (1956/7 – 28 April 2021) was an Indian politician  and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
A Song for Tibet is a 1991 Canadian short documentary film about efforts of Tibetans in exile, led by the Dalai Lama, to free their homeland and preserve their heritage. Directed by Anne Henderson, and produced by Abbey Neidik, Ali Kazimi and Kent Martin, A Song for Tibet received the Award for Best Short Documentary at the 13th Genie Awards as well as the People's Choice Award for Best Documentary Film at the Hawaii International Film Festival.  The film was co-produced by Arcady Films, DLI Productions and the National Film Board of Canada. Ali Kazimi was director of photography.The film focuses on two Tibetans in exile in Canada: Thubten Samdup, who escaped from Tibet after the 1959 uprising against the Chinese, who teaches traditional performing arts in Montreal and heads the Canada-Tibet Committee; and Dicki Chhoyang, born in a refugee camp in India, who knows Tibet only through stories recounted by her parents. The film follows Dicki and Samdup from Montreal to Dharamshala, India and also documents the Dalai Lama's first public appearance in Canada.
William Wallace Kellett (also W. Wallace Kellett) (December 20, 1891 – July 22, 1951) was an American aircraft executive and manufacturer, especially associated with rotary-wing aircraft. He was president of Kellett Autogiro Corporation and Republic Aviation Corporation. His company constructed the first successful wingless aircraft in the United States. There was a wide variety of potential users for his unique airplane. The first autogyro airplane used by the United States Post Office Department to carry mail was produced by Kellett. He received congressional approval for funding such a project after he gave senators and representatives demonstration flights of his wingless autogyro aircraft as part of a promotion in Washington D.C.
The yellow-billed magpie (Pica nutalli) is a large bird in the crow family that is restricted to the U.S. state of California. It inhabits the Central Valley and the adjacent chaparral foothills and mountains. Apart from its having a yellow bill and a yellow streak around the eye, it is virtually identical to the black-billed magpie (Pica hudsonia) found in much of the rest of North America. 
Las Illas is a former commune in Pyrénées-Orientales (France), now part of Maureillas-las-Illas.
Mikhail Vladimirovich Volkenshtein (Михаи́л Влади́мирович Волькенште́йн) (October 23, 1912 – February 18, 1992) was a notable Soviet and Russian biophysicist, Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Professor and Doctor of Sciences. In his publications in English his name is written as M. V. Volkenstein.
Double Fold: Libraries and the Assault on Paper is a non-fiction book by Nicholson Baker that was published in April 2001. An excerpt appeared in the July 24, 2000 issue of The New Yorker, under the title "Deadline: The Author's Desperate Bid to Save America's Past." This exhaustively researched work (there are 63 pages of endnotes and 18 pages of references in the paperback edition) details Baker's quest to uncover the fate of thousands of books and newspapers that were replaced and often destroyed during the microfilming boom of the 1980s and 1990s. Double Fold is a controversial work and is not meant to be objective. In the preface, Baker says, "This isn't an impartial piece of reporting", (preface p. x) and The New York Times characterized the book as a "blistering and thoroughly idiosyncratic attack".
Fatna Maraoui (born 10 July 1977) is a born Moroccan female Italian long-distance runner who competed at two editions of the IAAF World Cross Country Championships at senior level (2008, 2011). and also two of editions the IAAF World Half Marathon Championships (2011, 2014).
She is the sister of Rakiya Maraoui-Quétier born Moroccan female French long-distance runner, ten years older, former member of the France national athletics team.
The women's K-4 500 metres sprint canoeing competition at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou was held on 25 November at the International Rowing Centre.
Caroline Tresca (born Marie Caroline d'Indy on 21 July 1959) is a French television and radio presenter, as well as a film, television and stage actress. She focuses today on her occupation of painter and sculptor, and owns her own art gallery in Paris.
Kampong Pengiran Siraja Muda Delima Satu is a village in Brunei-Muara District, Brunei, and a neighbourhood in the capital Bandar Seri Begawan. The population was 2,354 in 2016. It is one of the villages within Mukim Berakas 'A'. The postcode is BB5113.
Simon Greul defeated Gastão Elias 2–6, 7–6(7–5), 7–5 in the final to win the title.
George I. Davida is an American computer scientist and cryptographer. He is an outspoken proponent of public access to cryptography and an opponent of various National Security Agency (NSA) and US federal government policies and initiatives like the Clipper chip, a stance dating back to his 1977 reception of a gag order from the NSA under the Invention Secrecy Act relating to a patent application for a stream cipher device, using research funded by a National Science Foundation grant. He used to work at the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Iowa. He was director of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee's Center for Cryptography, Computer and Network Security, until retiring in 2010.
"The Lion and the Unicorn: Socialism and the English Genius" is an essay by George Orwell expressing his opinions on the situation in wartime Britain. The title alludes to the heraldic supporters appearing in the full royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom. The essay was first published on 19 February 1941 as the first volume of a series edited by T. R. Fyvel and Orwell, in the Searchlight Books published by Secker & Warburg.It expressed his opinion that the outdated British class system was hampering the war effort, and that in order to defeat Nazi Germany, Britain needed a socialist revolution. Therefore, Orwell argued, being a socialist and being a patriot were no longer antithetical, but complementary. As a result, "The Lion and the Unicorn" became an emblem of the revolution which would create a new kind of socialism, a democratic "English Socialism" in contrast to the oppressing Soviet totalitarian communism—and also a new form of Britishness, a socialist one liberated from Empire and the decadent old ruling classes. Orwell specified that the revolutionary regime may keep on the royal family as a national symbol, though sweeping away the rest of the British aristocracy.
The first part of the essay, "England Your England", is often considered an essay in itself. With the introductory sentence "As I write, highly civilized human beings are flying overhead, trying to kill me.", the content sheds some light on the process which eventually led Orwell to the writing of his famous dystopia, Nineteen Eighty-Four. The text is also influenced partly by his other experiences in the Spanish Civil War, which he published his memoirs of in "Homage to Catalonia". His beliefs molded there of the dangers of totalitarianism and his conviction for Democratic Socialism to defeat Fascism and Soviet Communism are evident in all of his future novels such as Nineteen Eighty-Four and Animal Farm but are expressed here without allegory.
The second part is entitled "Shopkeepers at War", and the third is "The English Revolution".
In 1993, then Prime Minister John Major famously alluded to the essay in a speech on Europe, stating that "Fifty years from now Britain will still be the country of long shadows on county grounds, warm beer, invincible green suburbs, dog lovers and pools fillers and – as George Orwell said – 'old maids bicycling to Holy Communion through the morning mist'."
First Lady or First Gentleman of Gabon is the title held by the spouse of the president of Gabon. The current first lady is Sylvia Bongo Ondimba, who has held the office since 2009.
Supercoco are a coconut candy from Colombia. The rectangular candy are packaged in green wrapping with yellow writing and are brown in color.
No. 24 Squadron (also known as No. XXIV Squadron) of the Royal Air Force is the Air Mobility Operational Conversion Unit (AMOCU). Based at RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire, 24 Squadron is responsible for aircrew training on C-130J Hercules, A400M Atlas and C17 Globemaster. The Sqn also delivers engineer training for C130J Hercules, A400M Atlas and C17 Globemaster.
Flesh and Sand (Spanish: Carne y arena) is a 2017 American short virtual reality project written and directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu that plunges  "viewers into the harsh life of an immigrant". It was created by Iñárritu and cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki in collaboration with ILMxLAB with support from Legendary Entertainment and the Fondazione Prada in Italy.Flesh and Sand (Carne y arena) premiered at the 2017 Cannes Film Festival as part of the official selection and was the first virtual reality project to ever be featured at the festival. It was later featured at the Prada Foundation in Milan, attracting significant international attention for its highly innovative character as well as its strong political message. It was awarded the first Special Achievement Academy Award in over 20 years by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
The Traveller Logbook is a 1979 science fiction tabletop role-playing game supplement, written by Dave Sering, and with art by Jennell Jaquays, and published by Judges Guild for Traveller. The Traveller Logbook contains printed record sheets on which players can log up to 10 characters with their UPPs, skills, equipment, service records, names, ranks, and more, and also has summary sheets for six starships, and nearly all the charts needed to generate Traveller characters.
Ulupna is a locality in the north of the Australian state of Victoria. The locality is basically Ulupna Island, an inland island bordered by Ulupna Creek and the Murray River. The island is a popular camping destination. In 2016 the Population was 23. The Ulupna post office opened on 10 February 1879, closed on 11 April 1892, reopened on 1896 and closed on 1 July 1926. A school was opened in 1884 and closed in 1953
Dragnet is an American television series. It ran for 3+1⁄2 seasons, from January 12, 1967, to April 16, 1970. To differentiate it from the earlier 1950s Dragnet television series, the year in which each season ended was made part of the on-screen title—the series started as Dragnet 1967 and ended as Dragnet 1970. Known for its over-dramatic acting and fast-paced dialogue, the entire series aired Thursdays at 9:30–10:00 pm (EST) and was directed by Jack Webb.
All four seasons of this series have been released on DVD; Season 1 ("Dragnet 1967") by Universal Studios Home Entertainment, and seasons 2 ("1968"), 3 ("1969") and 4 ("1970") by Shout! Factory.This was the second television series in a Dragnet media franchise encompassing film, television, books and comics.
Shauna L. Rohbock (born April 4, 1977) is a retired Olympic medal-winning bobsledder, former professional soccer player, and is a soldier in the U.S. Army National Guard. After retiring from competitions she worked as a bobsled coach at the Utah Olympic Park.
Keqiao District (simplified Chinese: 柯桥区; traditional Chinese: 柯橋區; pinyin: Kēqiáo Qū), formerly Shaoxing County, is a district of the city of Shaoxing in Zhejiang province, China.
The Keqiao section of the Eastern Zhejiang Canal is one of the best preserved, having historic bridges of the ancient towpath.
Satélite Norte FC is a Bolivian football club based in Warnes which currently plays in the Copa Simón Bolívar, the second tier competition in the country. The club plays its home matches at the 10,000-seat Estadio Samuel Vaca Jimenez. The current manager is Juan Carlos Farah.
Enkimdu is the Sumerian god of farming, in charge of canals and ditches.
Replay Solutions is a private, venture-backed  independent software vendor founded in 2004 and based in Redwood City, California, United States.
The company's main product, ReplayDIRECTOR, has been described by the New York Times as a “TiVo for Software”. It records application execution, and replays code execution without requiring the original environment and stimuli present during recording. Software problems such as crashes or security issues can be reproduced during replay. It is based on the concept of recording any input coming into an application, and then feeding the same inputs back to the application during replay.Technology created by Replay Solutions has been the subject of multiple patents issued by the USPTO.The product supports multiple platforms including iOS, Android, Xbox gaming platform and several versions of the Microsoft Windows operating system,  as well as applications written in Java and JavaScript.
A conglomerate is a multi-industry company – i.e., a combination of multiple business entities operating in entirely different industries under one corporate group, usually involving a parent company and many subsidiaries. Conglomerates are often large and multinational.
The Air Reserve Personnel Center manages personnel records for the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve and it is located at Buckley Space Force Base in Aurora, Colorado. It maintains the virtual Personnel Center, a Web-based portal for Airmen to perform personnel services transactions.
The major command direct reporting unit of Air Force Reserve Command with technical and policy guidance provided by the Chief of Air Force Reserve.
Clarks Summit University is a private Baptist Bible college in Clarks Summit, Pennsylvania. It offers on-campus and online degrees at the undergraduate and graduate levels. These include a high-school dual enrollment option, as well as associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees.Annual enrollment is less than 700. About 43% of undergraduates are drawn from Pennsylvania. Roughly 56% are from 29 other states, with about 1% from outside the United States.
Prerana Deshpande is a recognized Indian exponent of Kathak dance.She started to study Kathak under Sharadini Gole when she was seven years old. Her first performance was when she was fifteen years old. Then she studied Kathak under Guru-Shishya Parampara tradition from Rohini Bhate, of Lucknow and Jaipur gharanas for twenty two years. She is known for her graceful movements, and for mastery over various aspects of Kathak, such as abhinaya (expression) and command over the laya (rhythm).Prerana Deshpande received her formal education at the Centre of Performing Arts of Pune University (Lalit Kala Kendra), India. She completed her master's degree in Kathak and stood first in the university. She also completed a bachelor's degree in Mathematics, and applies this formal mathematical knowledge to her dance.In dedication to her art, Deshpande established Nrityadham, an institute for Kathak dance in Pune, where she teachs students from India and abroad, and has a stable group of advanced performers who participate in shows and festivals.
Mrówki [ˈmrufki] (German: Neuforst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ryn, 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Giżycko, and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Alberto Collino (1947 – 12 September 2020) was an Italian mathematician best known for his contributions in the field of algebraic geometry.Collino was born in Verzuolo, earned a laurea in mathematics in 1970 from the University of Turin, and completed a Ph.D. in 1974 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His dissertation, The Rational Equivalence Ring of Symmetric Products of Curves, was supervised by Arthur Mattuck. He spent his professional career at the University of Turin, beginning as an assistant in 1970 and becoming a full professor in 1984.He died in Milan.
Meniscuchus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 522 to 516 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period. Meniscuchus has been found in the USA (Alaska, New York), Canada (Newfoundland, Quebec), Russia (Siberian Platform, Gorno-Altayskaya) and Australia (New South Wales).
The 1962–63 Tercera División season was the 27th since its establishment.
Dobermann is a 1997 French film directed by Jan Kounen starring Tchéky Karyo, Vincent Cassel, and Monica Bellucci.
The genital branch of the genitofemoral nerve, also known as the external spermatic nerve in males, is a nerve in the abdomen that arises from the genitofemoral nerve. The genital branch supplies the cremaster muscle and anterior scrotal skin in males, and the skin of the mons pubis and labia majora in females.
Augustus John Henry Beaumont Paulet, 15th Marquess of Winchester (6 February 1858–11 December 1899) was a British peer and soldier.
The son of John Paulet, 14th Marquess of Winchester and Mary Montagu, the daughter of Henry Montagu, 6th Baron Rokeby, he was educated at Eton College and King's College London. He succeeded his father to the peerage in 1887.
Lord Winchester was a major in the Coldstream Guards. He served in the Second Boer War, and was killed at Magersfontein, South Africa on 11 December 1899, in a battle where the defending Boer force defeated the advancing British forces amongst heavy casualties for the latter. Lord Winchester was mentioned in the despatch from Lord Methuen describing the battle, as a man who "displayed almost reckless courage".His remains were transferred back to England, and cremated at Brookwood in early February 1900, followed by a funeral service at Amport two days later.
Minuit, le soir (French: Midnight, in the evening) is a character-driven Quebec television show. Set and shot in Montreal, the 30-minute show revolves around the lives of three bouncers, both in private and at work. The show is notable for its portrayal of the daily hardships facing each of the principal characters. Gritty cinematography and fast-paced direction are also key elements of the show's style. All the show's episodes were directed by Daniel Grou (aka Podz).
Aired by public broadcaster Radio-Canada, the show achieved critical acclaim in local media 
and among viewers, reaching on average 1.3 million people during its first season. Minuit, le soir eventually won 17 Gémeaux Awards for its three seasons, the local equivalent of the American Emmys, the Geminis in other Canadian provinces or the British Academy Television Awards.
The title of the show evokes the bouncers' work cycle and the fact they work at night. Although title screens and promotional logos do not include the comma between minuit and le, it does appears officially in the show's title.
Minuit, le soir aired for three seasons, ending its run in 2007.
Amie Siegel (born 1974) is an American artist. She was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2007. Siegel was born in Chicago, Illinois. She attended Bard College and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago.
Hesperothamnus is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Fabaceae.Its native range is Mexico.Species:
The Nyhamna Gas Plant is a large and significant natural-gas processing plant in Aukra, Møre og Romsdal, Norway. As of January 2018, Norway was the world's third-largest natural gas exporter, after Russia and Qatar.
Trenton Engine Plant is a Chrysler automobile factory in Trenton, Michigan.  The north factory opened in 1952 while the south plant opened in 2010.
Skenea valvatoides is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
Houston is a multicultural city with a thriving international community supported by the third largest concentration of consular offices in the United States, representing 86 nations. In addition to historical Southeast Texas culture, Houston became the fourth-most populous city in the United States. Officially, Houston is nicknamed the "Space City" as it is home to NASA's Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center, where Mission Control Center is located. "Houston" was the first word spoken on the moon. Many locals refer to Houston as "Bayou City." Other nicknames include "H-Town", "Clutch City", and "Magnolia City".About 145 languages are regularly spoken in the Houston area. Some neighborhoods with high populations of Vietnamese and Chinese residents have Chinese and Vietnamese street signs in addition to English ones. Houston has two Chinatowns—the original located in East Downtown and the other along Bellaire Boulevard in the southwest area of the city. The city also has a Little Saigon in Midtown and Vietnamese businesses located in the southwest Houston Chinatown.There are many popular events held in the city celebrating cultures of Houstonians. The largest is the annual Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo that is held over 20 days from late February through early March. The event begins with trail rides that originate from several points throughout the state, all of which convene at Reliant Park for a barbecue cook-off. The rodeo includes typical rodeo events, as well as concert performances from major artists and carnival rides.  Another large celebration is the annual Houston Gay Pride Parade held at the end of June to commemorate the struggle for gay liberation, gay rights, gay pride, and the Stonewall riots of the late 1960s in New York City. The event is held in Downtown Houston (2015 and beyond) – prior to 2014 the parade was held along Westheimer Road within Neartown—home to many gay establishments, such as restaurants, bars, nightclubs, and coffeehouses.  Other events held annually include the Houston Greek Festival and Houston International Festival.
Anna Rohleder of Forbes said "Among Houston's wealthy denizens, social life centers on charity events and the arts."
Sergey Buikevich (born 13 August 1963) is a Kazakhstani dressage and endurance rider.  He represented Kazakhstan at two World Equestrian Games in individual dressage competitions. At the 2006 World Equestrian Games in Aachen he rode Volan and was eliminated during the Grand Prix test. At his second Games in 2014 he finished 95th individually with Ispovednik.
Galenidae is a family of crabs, one of three in the superfamily Pilumnoidea. It contains four genera, three of which are monotypic. At present five species have been described in this family.
The Italian Vertical Kilometer Championships (Italian: Campionati italiani di kilometro verticale) are the national championships in vertical kilometer, organised every year by the FIDAL from 2012 (first edition was held in Chiavenna).
Ambroise Rendu (29 December 1874 - 3 July 1973) was a French politician. He served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1919 to 1924.There is an avenue in Paris with his name, however this is named after Ambroise Rendu, the French writer born in 1778.
ʻAhakea or Hawaiʻi dogweed (Bobea sandwicensis) is a species of flowering tree in the coffee family, Rubiaceae, that is endemic to Hawaiʻi.  It inhabits lava plains as well as dry, coastal mesic and mixed mesic forests at elevations of 100–1,220 metres (330–4,000 ft) on the islands of Oʻahu, Molokaʻi, Lānaʻi, and Maui.  It is threatened both by habitat loss and competition from invasive species.
Christian Haase (born 6 May 1966) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of North Rhine-Westphalia since 2013.
Lajayer (Persian: لجاير, also Romanized as Lajāyer) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 63, in 14 families.
Rabbi Dr. Sharon (Zewde) Shalom (born in Ethiopia, 1973) is a rabbi, lecturer and Jewish author. He is a Rav of one of the Tzohar "Open Communities" in Kiryat Gat. He was born Zaude Tesfay in a Jewish community in the North of Ethiopia. He works as a Rabbi in the Merkaz Shapira Or Meofir special program for Ethiopian emigrants. He lectures in Jewish ritual and tradition at Ono Academic College in Israel, and wrote From Sinai to Ethiopia: the Halachic World and Ethiopian Jewish Thought.
Rukatunturi (Finnish: Ruka) is a 490 metres (1,610 ft) high fell and a ski resort in Kuusamo, Finland. Apart from downhill skiing, there are over 500 km of cross-country skiing tracks. Also snowmobiles can be rented to enjoy some of the area's 600 km of snowmobile routes (of which 100 km are safari organizers' private routes). Ruka is also the southern end of the Karhunkierros hiking trail. The total of trails in Ruka and Kuusamo area is: 160 km of hiking trails, 605 km of biking routes, 350 km of classified paddling routes (including class 1–4 whitewater paddling) and 100 km of boating routes.
In winter 1954, the first slope, now called "Eturinne" ("Front Slope"), was opened. The current number of slopes is 29, operated with 20 ski lifts (one high-speed detachable chair with bubble). There's effective snowmaking on all runs by almost 90 snowguns and 5 groomers.
Ruka has turned into a diverse tourist centre whose year-round usage is growing. In winter there are for example Nordic skiing World Cup competitions. FIS Nordic Combined season starts yearly in Ruka (Nordic Opening). There are also annual national competitions in alpine and freestyle skiing, and there have been international competitions in these sports, too.
Ruka has one of the longest ski seasons in Europe, starting usually in October and ending in June. During the main season ski lifts are open daily from 9.30 am until 7 pm. There's also night skiing on Fridays 7–11 pm (usually from December until mid-April).
Figueiró dos Vinhos (Portuguese pronunciation: [fiɣɐjˈɾɔ ðuʒ ˈviɲuʃ] (listen)) is a city in Leiria District - Portugal. The population in 2011 was 6,169, in an area of 173.44 km².
This is a list of on-air personalities from the professional wrestling television series WWE's SmackDown. On-air personalities include the wrestlers themselves, ring announcers, commentators, and on-screen authority figures. The show also features recurring on-air segments hosted by various personalities.
James C. Sheehan (born January 27, 1966 in Warwick, Rhode Island) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing District 36 since January 2003. Sheehan served consecutively from January 2001 until January 2003 in the District 23 seat. On November 6, 2018, Sheehan won election to a tenth consecutive term in the Rhode Island Senate, defeating Republican challenger John P. Silvaggio by a margin of 66.9 percent to 32.7 percent.
The Persian spider gecko (Agamura persica) hails from semidesert regions of Iran, Pakistan, and Afghanistan, where temperatures range from extreme summer day highs to extreme winter night lows.Its long, slender legs and tail give it a spider-like impression and allow it to climb in its rocky habitat. The toes are slender, clawed, and angularly bent. It shares this feature with a number of other species and is classified as an angular-toed gecko. Two other  species, Agamura femoralis (Smith, 1933) and Agamura misonnei (De Witte, 1973), have been placed in the genus, but Anderson (1999) and Khan (2003) referred them to the genus Rhinogekko.
Chane Independencia is a small town in Bolivia. In 2010 it had an estimated population of 3,527.
The Avengers is the name of several comic book titles featuring the team the Avengers and published by Marvel Comics, beginning with the original The Avengers comic book series which debuted in 1963.
The Charles Street Transit Terminal is a former bus terminal in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada. It is the former downtown hub for local Grand River Transit (GRT) bus services for Kitchener and Waterloo, although the terminal now sits vacant and mostly abandoned.
It was the largest public service facility run by GRT, with the Cambridge Ainslie Street terminal being the only other staffed bus station, as well as once serving a number of commuter and intercity bus routes with GO Transit, and Coach Canada.
Navcam, short for navigational camera, is a type of camera found on certain robotic rovers or spacecraft used for navigation without interfering with scientific instruments. Navcams typically take wide angle photographs that are used to plan the next moves of the vehicle or object tracking.
Diébougou Airport (IATA: XDE, ICAO: DFOU) is a public use airport located near Diébougou, Bougouriba, Burkina Faso.
Martin Achille Abena Biholong (born 14 June 1986) is a Cameroonian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Andreas Hohwü (July 18, 1803 in Gråsten – October 28, 1885) was a Danish clockmaker active in Amsterdam.
Andreas Hohwü was born in Gråsten (Duchy of Schleswig) on the border of Denmark and Germany.
He was the son of the clockmaker Thomas Hohwü, and in 1829 he trained with Johann Heinrich Kessels (1781–1849) in Altona.
In 1834 he travelled to Paris to study with Louis Breguet and worked in his workshop until 1839.
In 1840 he moved to Amsterdam where he started his own workshop making clocks. His regulators were known for their precision and he supplied astronomical laboratories all over Europe.  He was awarded the Dutch honorary title orde van de Eikenkroon in 1849 and the title orde van de Nederlandse Leeuw in 1869.
Piz Corbet (also known as Pizzo Sevino) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border. It is situated between Mesocco and Campodolcino. On its south-eastern side lies the lake Bacino del Truzzo.
Oleg Ivanovich Mekhov (Russian: Олег Иванович Мехов; born 2 June 1966) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Gourd art involves creating works of art using Lagenaria spp. hard-shell gourds as an art medium. Gourd surfaces may be carved, painted, sanded, burned, dyed, and polished. Typically, a harvested gourd is left to dry over a period of months before the woody surface is suitable for decorating.Gourd decoration, including pyrography, is an ancient tradition in Africa and Asia as well as among the indigenous peoples of the Americas, notably the central highland people of Peru, the Navajo, Hopi and Pueblo nations of the American Southwest, and the Nuxálk and Haida nations of British Columbia. Gourd crafting and painting has evolved from early hand carvings to the modern day use, by some, of electric wood burners and high-speed pen-shaped rotary tools that can be used to inscribe almost any design.
A wide variety of gourd shapes and sizes yields an array of art pieces, including: ornaments, bowls, sculpture, vases, and wall art such as masks. Artistic styles can range from craft to fine art. Perhaps the most prolific and successful gourd artist in the United States is Robert Rivera of New Mexico.The American Gourd Society, headquartered in Kokomo, Indiana, was founded in 1937 and publishes its own magazine. The Canadian Gourd Society was formed in 1999 and is located in Kitchener, Ontario. Both are national nonprofit organizations dedicated to the education and instruction of those interested in gourd history, cultivation, painting, crafts, and participating in competitions. Gourd Art shows and festivals occur in many places throughout North America, the oldest running festival was founded in North Carolina in 1942. In recent years, Internet technology has considerably broadened exposure to the art form which in turn has helped generate a marked increase in the number of participants. In North America, gourd art has been the subject of specialty television programs such as The Carol Duvall Show on Home & Garden Television. No longer considered just a craft, gourd art is being elevated to the point where it has been featured in a number of galleries and magazines and exhibited at the United States Botanic Garden in Washington, D.C.
In 2003, gourd artists from the United States, Australia, and Canada got together to create the world's first Gourdpatch quilt. Each artist brought their particular artistic style to a flat 4" × 4" gourd tile which was stitched together to create a quilt.
Hans Nordin (7 January 1931 – 23 September 2021) was a Swedish ski jumper who competed in the 1950s. He finished 11th in the individual normal hill event at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo. He was born in Härnösand, Ångermanland.
The PMN (Rus. противопехотная мина нажимная (En: "antipersonnel pressure mine")) series of blast anti-personnel mines were designed and manufactured in the Soviet Union. They are one of the most widely used and commonly found devices during demining operations.  They are sometimes nicknamed "black widow" because of their dark casings.
Raja Sir Muttaiya Annamalai Muthiah Chettiar (5 August 1905 – 12 May 1984) was an Indian banker, politician, philanthropist, socialite  and cultural activist who served as  Mayor of Madras city (1933) and Minister of Excise and Education (1936–37) in the provincial government of Madras Presidency. He was holder of the hereditary title Kumar-rajah (1929–48) and later, Raja of Chettinad (1948–84).
Muthiah Chettiar's father Rajah Sir Annamalai Chettiar was also a famous educationist and along with him he founded the Annamalai University in the town of Chidambaram in Tamil Nadu. He was also the third Nattukottai Chettiar to be knighted; the first two were his nephew and father. The government of Tamil Nadu honoured him with the title Tamil Isai Kavalar.
Matt Lenz (born March 11, 1964) is a New York City-based theatre director. His career encompasses work on Broadway, Off-Broadway, national tours, regional theater and international productions. He is a member of the Stage Directors and Choreographers Society.
Wolf Creek is a stream in Mineral County, Colorado. It is the creek for which Wolf Creek Pass is named.
Ed Morrissey (born April 3, 1963) is an American conservative  blogger, columnist, motivational speaker, and talk show host.
He goes by the nickname Captain Ed and he lives in the Twin Cities area of Minnesota.
He wrote his original blog, "Captain's Quarters", from October 2003 to February 2008. He now works full-time as a blogger for Hot Air. and writes a column for The Week.
He also participates in Bloggingheads.tvHis opinion articles have appeared in the New York Sun, the New York Post, and the Daily Standard.
Wülknitz is a municipality in the district of Meißen, in Saxony, Germany.
Paul W. Barry, a.k.a. Uncle Bill, was an American polo player.
The Whitlock Avenue Historic District in Marietta, Georgia, is an 82-acre (33 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.  The listing included 101 contributing buildings.It includes Greek Revival from antebellum times and various styles up to the 1930s.  The more important works include the Reid House, at 96 Whitlock Avenue, designed by Neel Reid (1885–1926) and the Maxwell House, at 134 McDonald Street, designed by G.L. Norrman.It includes Italianate architecture from the later 1800s. It includes Late Victorian architecture including Queen Anne.It includes Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals, including Classical Revival and Dutch Colonial.It includes Bungalow/Craftsman architecture.
Late goldenrod is a common name for several plants and may refer to:
Adrian Carnegie Slade  (born 25 May 1936), is a British Liberal Democrat politician and advertising agency founder.
He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he became President of the Footlights, and famously recruited Peter Cook to the society.
He was a Liberal Party parliamentary candidate in the 1960s and 1970s,
contesting Putney in 1966, February 1974 and October 1974. He stood as an SDP–Liberal Alliance candidate in Wimbledon in 1987.
He scored an upset win in the 1981 elections to the Greater London Council (GLC), winning the Richmond seat from the Conservatives by just 115 votes. He became Leader of the SDP–Liberal Alliance group on the GLC, and remained so until the GLC's dissolution in 1986.
He served as the last President of the Liberal Party, from 1987 to 1988, conducting its merger negotiations with the SDP.  He was vice-president of the Liberal Democrats 1988–89.
He is also known within Liberal Party circles as a pianist and singer, talents which he shared with his brother Julian Slade. There is a third brother, Sir Christopher Slade (Lord Justice of Appeal, 1982–91) and a sister.
He has two children, Nicola and Rupert, with his wife Sue.
Cronulla railway station is the heritage-listed terminus railway station on the Cronulla line in Cronulla in the Sutherland Shire local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It was designed and built by the NSW Department of Railways during 1939. It is also known as Cronulla Railway Station group. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.The station serves the Sydney suburb of Cronulla via Sydney Trains' T4 line services. The station is unusual in that the two platforms are situated end to end, rather than side by side, making it the second longest rail platform in New South Wales, after Albury.
Exaeretia kozhantshikovi is a moth in the family Depressariidae. It was described by Alexandr L. Lvovsky in 2013. It is found in central Russia (Krasnoyarsk).
Adrian Quist defeated Jack Crawford 6–2, 6–3, 4–6, 3–6, 9–7 in the final to win the men's singles tennis title at the 1936 Australian Championships.
Hermann Obrecht (26 March 1882 – 21 August 1940) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1935–1940).
He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on 4 April 1935 and handed over office on 31 July 1940. He was affiliated to the Radical Democratic Party. During his time in office he headed up the Federal Department of Economic Affairs.
Leucoptera onobrychidella is a moth in the family Lyonetiidae. It is found from France to Poland and Hungary.
The larvae feed on Onobrychis arenaria, Onobrychis sativa and Onobrychis viciifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a more or less oval, primary blotch with frass in concentric arcs. Pupation takes place outside of the mine.
The Dearborn River High Bridge is a Pratt half-deck truss bridge built in 1897, and has been placed on the National Register of Historic Places as it is one of the few bridges of its type left standing in the United States. On a half-deck bridge, the deck is attached in the center rather than, as is more common, top or bottom of the superstructure. It crosses the Dearborn River on Lake Bean Road (Montana Secondary 435) about 15 miles (24 km) southwest of Augusta, Montana. The unusual design of the Dearborn River High Bridge suits it to carry light loads across high/deep crossings. It has four spans and a wooden plank deck. It is the last standing pin-connected Pratt half-deck truss bridge left in the United States. Construction cost was $9,997. Construction began in 1896 and completed in 1897.This crossing point on the Dearborn River had been used for many years by the local Indian tribes, primarily the Blackfeet.  Prior to the bridge's construction this location was known as the Ponderay Crossing. The river was named for United States Secretary of War Henry Dearborn by Lewis and Clark in 1805. The area was left largely unexplored by Europeans for the next 50 years or so. The bridge was rehabilitated in 2003 by the Montana Department of Transportation, with Sletten Construction of Great Falls, Montana as the lead contractor, and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 18, 2003.
The Agreement on Agriculture (AoA) is an international treaty of the World Trade Organization. It was negotiated during the Uruguay Round of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, and entered into force with the establishment of the WTO on January 1, 1995.
Shunsaku Okuda (born July 11, 1971) is the leader of the Japanese rock/pop band the brilliant green where he plays bass guitar and rhythm guitar and has composed the vast majority of the band's music. He also produces music under the pseudonyms Chiffon Brownie, Malibu Convertible, and Mark and John.
The 1940 United States presidential election in Washington took place on November 5, 1940, as part of the 1940 United States presidential election. Voters chose eight representatives, or electors, to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
Washington was won by incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt (D–New York), running with Secretary Henry A. Wallace, with 58.22% of the popular vote, against Wendell Willkie (R–New York), running with Minority Leader Charles L. McNary, with 40.58% of the popular vote.
Lancaster is an Amtrak railroad station and a former Pennsylvania Railroad station in Lancaster, Lancaster County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Located on the Keystone Corridor, the station is served by the Keystone Service between New York City and Harrisburg, and by the Pennsylvanian between New York and Pittsburgh. Lancaster is the second busiest Amtrak station in Pennsylvania, and the twenty-first busiest in the United States. It is one of the busiest Amtrak stations serving a metropolitan area smaller than two million people, primarily because of the large number of passengers traveling to and from Philadelphia and points east.
The first railroad station to be established in Lancaster was on the Philadelphia and Columbia Railroad in 1834. The station was acquired by the Pennsylvania Railroad in 1857 who replaced it with a new building. The current station building was constructed in 1929 north of the city by the Pennsylvania after a rail line bypassing the city was opened. Currently owned by Amtrak, the station is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Lancaster City Historic District.
Fort Rouillé was a French trading post located in what is now Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Fort Rouillé was constructed by the French in 1751, building upon the success of a trading post they established in the area a year earlier, known as Fort Toronto. Fort Rouillé was named for Antoine Louis Rouillé, who at the time of its establishment was Secretary of State for the Navy in the administration of King Louis XV of France. It served as a trading post with the local indigenous peoples from the region.
Fort Rouillé was evacuated and burnt down by its French garrison after the French defeat at Fort Niagara in July 1759, during the French and Indian War. The remains of the fort were demolished in the 19th century. The fort site is now part of the public lands of Exhibition Place. The location is marked by an obelisk monument, with the outline of the fort marked in concrete.
Harry E. Gissing (December 3, 1890 - November 29, 1963) was an American track and field athlete, a member of the New York Athletic Club, Mohawk Athletic Club, and the Irish American Athletic Club. In 1911, he was part of a world's record setting team in the 4x400 meter relay race.
The 7th annual Venice International Film Festival was held from 31 August to 15 September 1946. It is the first edition after the suspension, from 1943 to 1945, for the Second World War. This edition is regarded as a second foundation of Venice Film Festival.
The prizes for the Best actor and other official prizes were not awarded: The prize for the Best film has lost the name of Mussolini Cup and above were unified into a single premium of the two (Best Foreign Film and Best Italian Film).
This edition marks the return of the films of the United States that were absent since 1939.
New Europe Film Sales is a Polish independent film distributor. The company was founded in Warsaw in 2010 by Jan Naszewski of the New Horizons Film Festival.
Microlithography is a general name for any  manufacturing process that can create a minutely patterned thin film of protective materials over a substrate, such as a silicon wafer, in order to protect selected areas of it during subsequent etching, deposition, or implantation operations.
The term is normally used for processes that can reliably produce features of microscopic size, such as 10 micrometres or less. The term nanolithography may be used to designate processes that can produce nanoscale features, such as less than 100 nanometres.
Microlitography is a microfabrication process that is extensively used in the semiconductor industry and also manufacture microelectromechanical systems.
Paolo Camossi (born 6 January 1974 in Gorizia) is an Italian triple jumper, best known for his gold medal at the 2001 World Indoor Championships.
Altemir Gregolin is a veterinarian, Brazilian politician a member of the Workers Party (PT) since 1985. He served between April 3, 2006 to January 1, 2011, the end of the government of President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
19 Kids and Counting (formerly 17 Kids and Counting and 18 Kids and Counting) is an American reality television series that aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years until its cancellation in 2015. The show features the Duggar family: parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar and their 19 children – nine daughters and ten sons – all of whose names begin with the letter "J". During the duration of the show, two children were born, three children were married, and four grandchildren were born.
The show focuses on the life of the Duggar family, who are devout Baptists, and frequently discusses values of purity, modesty and faith in God. The Duggars avoid birth control, saying they have decided to allow God to determine the number of children they have. All of the children are homeschooled and access to entertainment such as movies and television is limited. The Duggar family has also used "blanket time," a controversial practice, with their children. They practice chaperoned courtship, in which a couple becomes acquainted only in a group setting. The values presented on the show have been associated with the Quiverfull movement, which has been described as promoting strict family conformity, male hierarchies and subservient roles for women. The Duggars have stated that they are not associated with the Quiverfull movement. However, in an article formerly published on their website titled "Why Have Such a Large Family?", the Duggars reference Psalms 127:3-5, from which the Quiverfull movement name comes. Moreover, in 2001, Jim Bob and Michelle were interviewed for an article published on a Quiverfull affiliated website. The Duggar family has also been connected with the Institute in Basic Life Principles and the Advanced Training Institute, both of which were founded by Bill Gothard.
The series began on September 29, 2008, and concluded on May 19, 2015. The show was TLC's most popular, averaging 2.3 million viewers per new episode in Season 10 and scoring in the Nielsen "Cable Top 25".On May 22, 2015, TLC suspended the series when the Duggars' eldest son Josh publicly apologized for having "acted inexcusably" following reports that he molested five girls, including some of his sisters, by fondling them. These events occurred in 2002 and 2003, when Josh was 14 to 15 years old and prior to the beginning of the show. On July 16, 2015, TLC announced that the show was officially canceled and would not resume production. A spin off show, Counting On, aired in December 2015 and was cancelled in 2021, due to Josh Duggar's arrest for child pornography.
Behind Her Eyes is a British noir supernatural psychological thriller web series created by Steve Lightfoot, based on the 2017 novel of the same name by Sarah Pinborough, that premiered on Netflix on 17 February 2021. The limited series stars Simona Brown, Tom Bateman, Eve Hewson and Robert Aramayo.
Platnirovskaya (Russian: Платнировская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Korenovsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia. Population: 12,004 (2010 Census); 11,561 (2002 Census).
Justicia betonica is a species of flowering plant, a shrub in the family Acanthaceae. It goes by the common name squirrel's tail and paper plume.
The species is native to Angola, Bangladesh, Botswana, South Africa, Ethiopia, India, Kenya, Malawi, Mali, Mozambique, Namibia, Senegal, Sri Lanka, Sudan, South Sudan, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Zimbabwe.The species was introduced to Colombia, Costa Rica, Guyana, Panamá, Solomon Islands as well as regions like Hawaii, and New Caledonia.
It is also found in tropical regions of China, Australia, Malaysia, Philippines, and Indonesia.Its habitat includes wastelands, hedges, and ravines.
The Henderson ground dove (Pampusana leonpascoi), or Henderson Island ground dove, is an extinct species of bird in the family Columbidae. It was described from Holocene to possibly Late Pleistocene-aged subfossil remains found on Henderson Island in the Pitcairn Group in 1991. Its relatively small wings suggest it was flightless.
The Cannibal Man (Spanish La Semana del asesino, literally "Week of the Killer") is a 1972 horror film, directed by Eloy de la Iglesia and written by de la Iglesia and Antonio Fos. Despite the international title, the film contains no scenes of cannibalism.  The film is also known as The Apartment On The 13th Floor.
The film was featured on the British Director of Public Prosecutions' list of "Video Nasties".
Robert Macpherson (December 11, 1853 – 1929) was a Scottish-born carpenter, builder and political figure in British Columbia. He represented Vancouver City in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1894 to 1900.
He was born in Inverkip, Renfrewshire, Scotland, the son of Ritchie Macpherson, and was educated there. Macpherson came to Manitoba in 1882 and then moved to Vancouver in 1888. In 1894, he married Jane Elizabeth Sinclair (1863–1955).Macpherson was nominated by the Nationalist Party, known as British Columbia's "first real labor party". He was elected in 1894 and 1898, to represent Vancouver City.He was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1900.Macpherson died in 1929 and is interred in Burnaby, British Columbia.
All-Ukrainian Environmental Campaign was an action in the Ukrainian SSR conducted on the initiative of Narodniy Rukh (People’s Movement) of Ukraine and the “Green World” Environmental Association from October 28 to November 3, 1989.
Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris is a 1975 French/Canadian musical film directed by Denis Héroux. The screenplay by Eric Blau is an adaptation of his book for the long-running off-Broadway revue of the same name. The score is composed of songs with music by Jacques Brel and his accompanist Gérard Jouannest and English translations of the original French lyrics by Blau and Mort Shuman.
Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris was produced and released by the American Film Theatre, which adapted theatrical works for a subscription-driven cinema series. It was the second of two musical films created by the American Film Theatre, following Lost in the Stars in 1974.
Vaska Easoff (Hungarian: Haggyállógva, Vászka), also known as Letgohand Vaska (A Tale from the Labour Camp), is a 1996 Hungarian comedy film directed by Péter Gothár. The film was selected as the Hungarian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 69th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Petras Leonas (1864–1938) was a Lithuanian attorney and politician, the first Minister of Justice of the newly independent Lithuania in 1918.
After graduating from Moscow University in 1889, Leonas held a government job at various courts in Suwałki and Uzbekistan. He was fired after supporting the Constitutional Democratic Party (Kadets) during the Russian Revolution of 19to Lithuania and took up private law practice, which he had for 32 years. In 1907, he was elected to the second short-lived State Duma of the Russian Empire. During World War I, Leonas retreated to Russia and was deputy chairman of the Lithuanian Society for the Relief of War Sufferers. In March 1917, he was one of the founders of the Democratic National Freedom League. He returned to newly independent Lithuania in 1918 and began working on drafting some of the fundamental legislation. He became the first Minister of Justice in November 1918 and the fourth Minister of Internal Affairs in April 1919. He worked to organize judicial system and establish local municipal institutions in the chaotic post-war years. He retired from active politics in October 1919, but continued to consult the Lithuanian government on major pieces of legislation. Leonas became a professor and dean of the Law Faculty at the University of Lithuania.
Say You Will is the 17th studio album by British-American rock band Fleetwood Mac, released on 15 April 2003. It followed 1995's Time and was their first album without vocalist/keyboardist Christine McVie, who had left the band in 1998 (although she made some brief appearances on it). Lindsey Buckingham took over primary keyboard duties for the album and Stevie Nicks added some limited additional keyboard parts.
The album would also be the band's final album with Buckingham, who was told to leave Fleetwood Mac in 2018, although he would participate in their online-only release, 2013's Extended Play.
Say You Will was the first studio Fleetwood Mac album to peak in the top 3 in the US since 1982's Mirage.  The album debuted at No. 3 with sales of 218,000, spent two months within the top 40, and was certified Gold by the RIAA in July 2003 for 500,000 copies shipped in the US.
A limited edition version of the album was issued at the same time, featuring two live tracks ("Peacekeeper" and "Say You Will"), two additional studio tracks (Nicks' "Not Make Believe" and Buckingham's cover of Bob Dylan's "Love Minus Zero/No Limit"), an expanded booklet and poster.
General elections were held in Zanzibar on 1 June 1961, following the inconclusive elections in January. One further constituency, Mtambile, was created on the island of Pemba, with the hope that this would break the deadlock. The Zanzibar Nationalist Party and the Afro-Shirazi Party both won ten seats, despite the fact that the ASP had won just over 50% of the votes and the ZNP only 35%. The other three seats were won by the Zanzibar and Pemba People's Party three. The ZNP and ZPPP formed a coalition government.
Of the 93,918 registered voters, 90,595 voted, giving a turnout of 96.5%.
Eliane Raheb (Arabic: إليان الراهب; born 1972) is a documentary filmmaker and director from Lebanon. She made her debut as a director with her 2012 film, Layali Bala Noom (Sleepless Nights).
Prep & Landing is a computer animated television special, based on an idea by Chris Williams at Walt Disney Animation Studios and developed by Kevin Deters and Stevie Wermers-Skelton into a half-hour Christmas special. It first aired December 8, 2009 on ABC.The special was released on-line the next day, along with an original one-minute short film Tiny's BIG Adventure. A sequel, Operation: Secret Santa, aired on December 7, 2010, reprising the original cast with the addition of Betty White as Mrs. Claus. The second half-hour Christmas TV special, Prep & Landing: Naughty vs. Nice aired on December 5, 2011, on ABC, with another holiday special being planned for the future.
Brdo (pronounced [ˈbəɾdɔ]) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Nazarje in Slovenia. The area belongs to the traditional region of Styria and is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region.
Holy Unmercenaries (Greek: Άγιοι Ανάργυροι, Agioi Anárgyroi) is an epithet applied to a number of Christian saints who did not accept payment for good deeds. These include healers or Christian physicians who, in conspicuous opposition to medical practice of the day, tended to the sick free of charge. It may refer to:
Asnières-lès-Dijon (French pronunciation: ​[anjɛʁ lɛ diʒɔ̃], literally Asnières near Dijon) is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.
The inhabitants of the commune are known as Asniérois or Asniéroises.
William Perlberg (October 22, 1900 in Łódź, Poland – October 31, 1968 in Los Angeles, California) was an American film producer.
William Perlberg was born Wolf Perelberg, son of Israel Jakob Perelberg (later: Perlberg), a fur manufacturer, and Tajbe Markus. Seven months after his father, he came to the U.S.A. on May 17, 1905, with his mother and three siblings.
Before turning to film production in 1935, he first worked as fur trader for his father, from the late 1920s as an agent for William Morris, later as a talent agent and personal assistant to Harry Cohn. During his 30-year career, Perlberg produced many box office hits for some of Hollywood's biggest studios. He worked in association with George Seaton on such films as The Song of Bernadette (1943), Miracle on 34th Street (1947), The Shocking Miss Pilgrim (1947), Chicken Every Sunday (1949) and The Country Girl (1954).
He married Josephine Brock a.k.a. Bobbe Brox, singer with the Brox Sisters, in 1928 and had a son, William Brock Perlberg (1933–2009).
Claudio Ignacio Zamorano Salamanca (born 25 August 1998) is a Chilean footballer who plays for Deportes Temuco.
Karl Walter Schröter (7 September 1905 in Biebrich near Wiesbaden – 22 August 1977 in Berlin) was a German mathematician and logician. Later on, after the war, he made important contributions concerning semantic consequences (German: semantische Folgerungsrelationen) and provability logic (German: syntaktische Ableitbarkeitsrelationen). He worked as a mathematical theoretician and cryptanalyst for the civilian Pers Z S, the cipher bureau of the Foreign Office (German: Auswärtiges Amt), from Spring 1941 to the end of World War II.
Ballus segmentatus, is a species of spider of the genus Ballus. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
Selsingen is a Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the district of Rotenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat is in the village Selsingen.
Acanthophippium sinense is a species of plant in the family Orchidaceae. It is found in China and Hong Kong.
Jeff Parker (born April 4, 1967) is an American guitarist and composer based in Los Angeles. Born in Connecticut and raised in Hampton, Virginia, Parker is best known as an experimental musician, working with jazz, electronic, rock, and improvisational groups. Parker studied at Berklee College of Music and then moved to Chicago in 1991.
Also a multi-instrumentalist, Parker has been a member of the post-rock group Tortoise since 1996, and was a founding member of Isotope 217 and the Chicago Underground Trio in the 1990s and early 2000s. He is a member of the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians (AACM) and has worked with George Lewis, Ernest Dawkins, Brian Blade, Joshua Redman, Fred Anderson, Meshell Ndegeocello, Joey DeFrancesco, Smog (aka Bill Callahan), Carmen Lundy and Jason Moran. A prolific sideman, he has also released seven albums as a solo artist: Like-Coping, The Relatives, Bright Light in Winter, The New Breed, Slight Freedom, Suite for Max Brown, and Forfolks.
Anatol Arapu (born 27 November 1962 in Văsieni) is a Moldovan economist, who served as Minister of Finances of Moldova from 14 August 2013 to January 2016, in three consecutive cabinets: Leancă Cabinet, Gaburici Cabinet, and Streleț Cabinet. He also was Minister of Finances in the 1990s, in Ciubuc-2 Cabinet (22 May 1998 - 17 February 1999) and in Sturza Cabinet (12 March - 12 November 1999).
Hiromi Hirata (平田 宏美, Hirata Hiromi, born February 19, 1978) is a Japanese voice actress represented by I'm Enterprise. She is best known for her role as Makoto Kikuchi in The Idolmaster game series. She was featured as a guest of honor at Anime Expo 2004. In video games, she voices Mao in Disgaea 3, Kamui Tokinomiya in Arcana Heart, and Miyabi in the Senran Kagura series.
The Israel men's national tennis team (Hebrew:  נבחרת גביע דייוויס של ישראל) represents Israel in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Israel Tennis Association. As of September 2017, Harel Levy became Captain of the team.The team plays primarily in Canada Stadium, which is the main venue of the Tennis Center in Ramat Hasharon, in Israel.  The stadium is known for its high intensity, tough crowd, and good home environment.  The surface is considered hard by world standards, a feature that plays to the advantage of Israeli competitors already used to it.  The tough surface and even tougher crowd have earned the venue the nickname "Israhell" among visiting players.Over the protests of all four of their own players (including Harel Levy, who said:  ""Only Ramat Hasharon. We're not even thinking about Nokia. There's no reason to play against the Russians indoors – we love Ramat Hasharon"), who preferred to play outdoors in the heat on the hard court that they are accustomed to, the ITA moved the tie against Russia in 2009 to the larger indoor Nokia Stadium.  But the ITA was sensitive to the fact that the indoor arena has a capacity of 11,000 – more than double that of the Canada Stadium.  ITA CEO Moshe Haviv denied that his prime consideration was the extra money such a move would bring in, and said the larger stadium would give more Israelis the chance to see the national team play, and allow them to watch the sport in more comfortable conditions. 
This was the second time Israel played a home match at Nokia Arena, the previous one have been against France in 1989.
Jogindranath Sarkar (1866–1937) was a Bengali children's author. He wrote more than seventy books.
Sabaa Bahrat Square (Arabic: ساحة السبع بحرات) (In Arabic: Square of the Seven Fountains) is one of the most important squares in Aleppo, Syria. 
Located at the intersection of "Abdel Menem Riyad street" with "Al-Mutanabbi" street within the ancient part of the city, the square is an important junction between the old city and modern Aleppo.
Many important official buildings are located around the square, including the Aleppo Chamber of Industry, Coral Julia Dumna Hotel and the main entrance of Suweiqa; one of the largest covered markets of the old city.
The main Aleppo branches of the local banks are situated along the Al-Mutanabbi street, up to the Sabaa Bahrat square. 
Abdel Menem Riyad street is home to the main offices of many Syrian political parties as well as to the 16th century mansion of Dar Rajab Pasha.
The square is the main rout towards the Great Mosque of Aleppo.
The centre of the square is decorated with colourful dancing fountains.
Sasan Hosseini (Persian: ساسان حسینی) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Naft Masjed Soleyman in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
Ngātīmoti or Ngatimoti is a town near Motueka in New Zealand's South Island.
The town lies on the banks of the Motueka River and has been inhabited since 1855 when the Salisbury brothers arrived in the river valley. The local economy includes forestry, apple orchards and sheep and dairy farming. It is connected to the town of Motueka by the Motueka Valley Highway (formerly SH 61).
Fernando Esteban Solís Núñez (born on 26 June 1976) was a Chilean footballer. 
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Cordenons, or simply Cordenons, is an Italian association football club located in Cordenons, Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It currently plays in Seconda Categoria Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
In 2020 it merged with S.S. 3S Cordenons to form A.C. Cordenonese 3S.
Topline Schools is a private coeducational day and boarding school that has been in operation since September 2007. The school is located in the Elelenwo residential neighborhood of Port Harcourt, Rivers State, Nigeria. The school provides boarding for children living within and those from outside the state or local government area. It has nursery, and primary-level and secondary-level schools.
An atmospheric model is a mathematical model constructed around the full set of primitive dynamical equations which govern atmospheric motions. It can supplement these equations with parameterizations for turbulent diffusion, radiation, moist processes (clouds and precipitation), heat exchange, soil, vegetation, surface water, the kinematic effects of terrain, and convection. Most atmospheric models are numerical, i.e. they discretize equations of motion. They can predict microscale phenomena such as tornadoes and boundary layer eddies, sub-microscale turbulent flow over buildings, as well as synoptic and global flows. The horizontal domain of a model is either global, covering the entire Earth, or regional (limited-area), covering only part of the Earth.  The different types of models run are thermotropic, barotropic, hydrostatic, and nonhydrostatic.  Some of the model types make assumptions about the atmosphere which lengthens the time steps used and increases computational speed.
Forecasts are computed using mathematical equations for the physics and dynamics of the atmosphere.  These equations are nonlinear and are impossible to solve exactly. Therefore, numerical methods obtain approximate solutions.  Different models use different solution methods.  Global models often use spectral methods for the horizontal dimensions and finite-difference methods for the vertical dimension, while regional models usually use finite-difference methods in all three dimensions.  For specific locations, model output statistics use climate information, output from numerical weather prediction, and current surface weather observations to develop statistical relationships which account for model bias and resolution issues.
Yinhu station (Chinese: 银湖站; pinyin: Yínhú Zhàn) is a station of Line 6 and Line 9 of the Shenzhen Metro. Line 9 platforms opened on 28 October 2016 and Line 6 platforms opened on 18 August 2020.
John Donelson (1718–1785) was an American frontiersman, ironmaster, politician, city planner, and explorer, who, along with James Robertson, co-founded the frontier settlement of Fort Nashborough, in Middle Tennessee, which would later become the city of Nashville, Tennessee.  Donelson was also the father-in-law of future United States president, Andrew Jackson, who married his daughter, Rachel.
Dhurkot Bhanbhane  is a town and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3494.
North Union Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Concord, Cabarrus County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 150 contributing buildings in a predominantly residential section of Concord. The area developed after 1870 and includes notable examples of Greek Revival and Late Victorian style architecture. Located in the district are the First Presbyterian Church, the Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church, Forest Hill Methodist Church, the First Baptist Church, the (Former) All Saints Episcopal Church, and the First United Presbyterian Church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The Battle of the Eurymedon was a double battle, taking place both on water and land, between the Delian League of Athens and her Allies, and the Persian Empire of Xerxes I. It took place in either 469 or 466 BCE, in the vicinity of the mouth of the Eurymedon River (now the Köprüçay) in Pamphylia, Asia Minor. It forms part of the Wars of the Delian League, itself part of the larger Greco-Persian Wars.
The Delian League had been formed between Athens and many of the city-states of the Aegean to continue the war with Persia, which had begun with the first and second Persian invasions of Greece (492–490 and 480–479 BCE, respectively). In the aftermath of the Battles of Plataea and Mycale, which had ended the second invasion, the Greek Allies had taken the offensive, besieging the cities of Sestos and Byzantium. The Delian League then took over responsibility for the war, and continued to attack Persian bases in the Aegean throughout the next decade.
In either 469 or 466 BCE, the Persians began assembling a large army and navy for a major offensive against the Greeks. Gathering near the Eurymedon, it is possible that the expedition aimed to move up the coast of Asia Minor, capturing each city in turn. This would bring the Asiatic Greek regions back under Persian control, and give the Persians naval bases from which to launch further expeditions into the Aegean. Hearing of the Persian preparations, the Athenian general Cimon took 200 triremes and sailed to Phaselis in Pamphylia, which eventually agreed to join the Delian League. This effectively blocked the Persian strategy at its first objective.
Cimon then moved to pre-emptively attack the Persian forces near the Eurymedon. Sailing into the mouth of the river, Cimon quickly routed the Persian fleet gathered there. Most of the Persian fleet made landfall, and the sailors fled to the shelter of the Persian army. Cimon then landed the Greek marines and proceeded to attack the Persian army, which was also routed. The Greeks captured the Persian camp, taking many prisoners, and were able to destroy 200 beached Persian triremes. This stunning double victory seems to have greatly demoralised the Persians, and prevented any further Persian campaigning in the Aegean until at least 451 BCE. However, the Delian League do not appear to have pressed home their advantage, probably because of other events in the Greek world that required their attention.
Drzazgi [ˈdʐazɡi] (German: Kienberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland, 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
The Cirrus Design Corporation, doing business as Cirrus Aircraft (and previously branded as Cirrus Design), is an aircraft manufacturer that was founded in 1984 by Alan and Dale Klapmeier to produce the VK-30 kit aircraft. The company is owned by a subsidiary of the Chinese government-owned AVIC, and is headquartered in Duluth, Minnesota, United States, with additional operational locations in Grand Forks, North Dakota, Knoxville, Tennessee, McKinney, Texas, as well as the greater Phoenix, Arizona and Orlando, Florida metropolitan areas. Cirrus markets several versions of its three certificated single-engine light aircraft models: the SR20 (certified in 1998), SR22 (certified in 2000), and SR22T (certified in 2010). As of January 2021, the company had delivered 8,000 SR-aircraft in over 20 years of production, and has been the world's largest producer of piston-powered aircraft since 2013.Sales of the SR-series grew rapidly during the 2000s, until the economic crisis of 2008. Cirrus was planning to market a light-sport aircraft called the SR Sport, but suspended the project in 2009, due to financial challenges and a lack of market demand. This has since been cancelled. After a return to company growth and United States-based expansion in the 2010s, Cirrus certified and began deliveries of the Vision SF50 very light jet in 2016. Upon its delivery, the aircraft became the first civilian single-engined jet to enter the market, and is often referred to as a "personal jet".The company produces all of its aircraft with composite materials and is known for pioneering new technologies in the light general aviation aircraft manufacturing industry, including glass cockpits and full-airframe ballistic parachutes.In 2001, Cirrus sold a majority of the company to Bahrain-based Arcapita Group. Ten years later, the manufacturer was acquired by China Aviation Industry General Aircraft (CAIGA), which is a division of the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC).
Adam Zampa (born 31 March 1992) is an Australian cricketer who represents New South Wales, the Melbourne Stars and the Australian national cricket team. He is a leg spin bowler who also bats right-handed.
The debate over democracy in China has been a major ideological battleground in Chinese politics since the 19th century. Currently, China is not a democracy. It is an authoritarian state which has been characterized as a totalitarian surveillance state, and a dictatorship.The Constitution of the People's Republic of China (PRC) states that its form of government is "people's democratic dictatorship". Modern Chinese leaders state that they run a "socialist democracy" in which the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is the central authority that acts in the interest of the people and approves which political parties can run.During a visit to Europe in 2014, CCP general secretary Xi Jinping said that a multi-party system would not work for China. He said China had experimented in the past with various political systems, including multi-party democracy, warning that copying foreign political or development models could be catastrophic because of its unique historical and social conditions.
The United States Marine Raider stiletto was issued to the Marine Raiders and 1st Canadian Parachute Battalion during World War II.
Pachylaelaps tesselatus is a species of mite in the family Pachylaelapidae. It is found in Europe.
Adam Nable (born 4 September 1975) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s. He played for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 1091), Balmain Tigers, Wests Tigers and North Queensland Cowboys. He later played for the New York Knights in the AMNRL, and was vice-captain there. He is the brother of player-turned-filmmaker Matt Nable.
Javier Frana defeated Emilio Sánchez 7–5, 3–6, 6–3 to win the 1993 Movistar Open singles competition.
Patricia Fox is an Australian religious, a member of the Congregation of Our Lady of Sion. She is known for her ejection from the Philippines by president Rodrigo Duterte.
or  Picnic, was a railway station in Melbourne, Australia. It was located on the Hawthorn line (now the Alamein, Belgrave and Lilydale lines), on the Melbourne side of the Hawthorn Railway Bridge,
The line to the station was opened by the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company on 24 September 1860, and extended to Hawthorn in 1861 with the completion of the Hawthorn Railway Bridge across the Yarra River.  The station closed on 19 July 1898.
The station was the scene of a serious accident on 2 December 1882, when two trains collided head-on. One person was killed and 178 injured when a special train, returning from land sales at Box Hill, collided with a scheduled train from Melbourne to Camberwell.
Durban ( DUR-bən) (Zulu: eThekwini, from the Thabethe clan name Mthekuitheku meaning 'the port'), nicknamed Durbs, is the third most populous city in South Africa after Johannesburg and Cape Town and the largest city in the South African province of KwaZulu-Natal. Durban forms part of the eThekwini Metropolitan Municipality, which includes neighboring towns and has a population of about 3.44 million, making the combined municipality one of the largest cities on the Indian Ocean coast of the African continent.
The Men's Épée Individual B wheelchair fencing competition at the 2004 Summer Paralympics was held on 20 September at the Helliniko Fencing Hall.The event was won by Andriy Komar, representing  Ukraine.
Vernon Jubilee Hospital (VJH) is a hospital located in Vernon, British Columbia, a city in the Okanagan region of Canada. Initial examination for constructing a hospital in Vernon began in 1895, when residents of the city demanded a hospital to be created. It was ultimately incorporated in 1897 and serves the North Okanagan regional district. The Vernon Jubilee Hospital offers core physician specialty, and emergency departments, in addition to acute and obstetrical care. This facility is home to 148 beds, although people who would like services that are not offered at the hospital are transferred to the Kelowna General Hospital, which is located in nearby city Kelowna. There has been consideration for more beds to be offered at the hospital.The addition of 60 beds and the completion of the sixth and seventh floor at Vernon Jubilee Hospital Polson Tower, originally set aside, with future patient needs in mind.
Of the 60 beds, 14 will be new and the remaining 46 will be relocated from elsewhere in the hospital. The beds will be used primarily for single-patient rooms. Previously, they were located in four-bed and double-occupancy wards. The total number of beds at the Vernon Jubilee Hospital will increase from 140 regular and eight temporary beds (148 total) to 162 beds. 
Completed as part of the Kelowna / Vernon Hospitals Project, the Polson Tower includes an expanded emergency, maternity and pediatrics department, ambulatory care, surgical services, intensive care, and medical device reprocessing. The Polson Tower was also recently awarded a LEED Gold certification and is the first building in Vernon to achieve this. 
The Polson Tower was officially opened for patients in October 2011. The $180-million Polson Tower added 16,815 square metres (181,000 square feet) of space to the Vernon Jubilee Hospital site.
John Henry Long (November 27, 1845 – January 21, 1898) was an American politician in the state of Washington. He served in the Washington State Senate from 1889 to 1893.
Pleven Saddle (Plevenska Sedlovina \'ple-ven-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is a deep saddle of elevation 500 m in Friesland Ridge, Tangra Mountains, Livingston Island, Antarctica, bounded by MacKay Peak to the west-southwest and Tervel Peak to the east-northeast, with two conspicuous rocks rising on it.  Part of the glacial divide between Peshtera Glacier to the north and Charity Glacier to the south.
The saddle was “named after the Bulgarian city of Pleven, and in connection with the freezer vessel Pleven of the Bulgarian company Ocean Fisheries – Burgas whose ships operated in the waters of South Georgia, Kerguelen, the South Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands and Antarctic Peninsula from 1970 to the early 1990s.  The Bulgarian fishermen, along with those of the Soviet Union, Poland and East Germany are the pioneers of modern Antarctic fishing industry.”
Claire Keelan (born 8 May 1975) is an English actress. She played Claire Ashcroft in Nathan Barley and Electroclash in No Heroics.
Dato' Pathmanaban a/l Kunjamboo or K. Pathmanaban (Tamil: ஏ. புத்தாநன்பன், romanized: Ē. Puttānaṉpaṉ) is a former Malaysian deputy minister, vice-president of Malaysian Indian Congress and founder of Melaka Manipal Medical College.
Magelang (Javanese: ꦩꦒꦼꦭꦁ) is a regency in Central Java, Indonesia, famous for its 9th century Buddhist temple of Borobudur. Its capital is Mungkid. It covers an area of 1,085.73 km2 and had a population of 1,181,723 at the 2010 Census and 1,299,859 at the 2020 Census. These figures exclude the autonomous city of Magelang, which is separately administered but is geographically enclaved within the regency, which borders Temanggung Regency to the north, Semarang Regency to the northeast, Boyolali Regency to the east, the Special Region of Yogyakarta to the south and southeast, Purworejo Regency to the southwest, and Wonosobo Regency to the west. Its motto is Magelang Gemilang (Shining Magelang).
Teatro Villanueva (or the Villanueva Theatre) was a theatre in colonial Havana. Located on Calle Morro, it was inaugurated in February 1847 under the name Circo Habanero. The circular structure was built of wood and had a reported capacity of 4000. It was mainly used for bufo performances. Renovations were carried out in 1853, when the theatre was renamed Teatro Villanueva. The owner was one Miguel Nin y Pons, a protégé of the Count of Villanueva, Claudio Martínez de Pinillos. 
The theatre has a special pace in the lore of Cuban independence from Spain. On 22nd January 1869, auxiliary military forces consisting of Spanish criollos (also known as the Volunteer Corps) opened fire on theatre attendees. This came to be known as the Events of the Villanueva Theater (Sucesos del Teatro Villanueva). The teenager José Martí and his teacher Rafael María de Mendive were reportedly in the vicinity; soon after, Martí released his revolutionary poem Abdala.To this day, the Sucesos are commemorated in Cuba, and 22nd January is designated as Cuban Theatre Day. 
Following the Sucesos, the theatre closed down, later becoming the site of a tenement house.
The 1891 Cardiff County Borough Council election was held on Monday 2 November 1891 to elect councillors to Cardiff County Borough Council in Cardiff, Wales. These were the third all-Cardiff elections since the creation of the county borough. The previous elections were in November 1890 and the next elections were in November 1892
The result of the election saw no overall change in composition of the council.
İqor Yevgenyeviç Getman (Russian: Игорь Евгеньевич Гетман; born 7 June 1971) is an Azerbaijani professional football coach and a former player.
Waterlily Jaguar is a 2018 drama film written and directed by Melora Walters. The film stars James LeGros, Mira Sorvino, Stacey Oristano, Dominic Monaghan, Christopher Backus and Steven Swadling. The film centers on Bob (LeGros), a famous novelist known for his "airport novels" seeking to pen a more serious book, only to find himself tumbling down a spiral of obsession that may leave his most important relationships in shambles, including his marriage.
Odell is an English surname originating in Odell, Bedfordshire. In some families the surname is spelled O'Dell, in a mistaken Irish adaptation. 
Keaʻiwa Heiau State Recreation Area is the ruins of a temple (Heiau in the Hawaiian language) at the summit of a hill and neighborhood called ʻAiea Heights on Oʻahu, Hawaiʻi. The recreation area includes camping facilities and a 4.8-mile (7.7 km) trail. It also offers clear views of Pearl Harbor. The high point of Puu Uau is about halfway down the trail, where native ohia lehua and koa trees may be viewed. The remains of a military plane that crashed in 1944 can also be seen along the trail. The hike is not particularly difficult, however it does include one quite steep switchback stretch and can be extremely muddy if it has just rained. Allow for around 2.5 hours of easy strolling. A possible translation of Keaʻiwa would be mysterious, incomprehensible. It is believed that this name was given in reference to the healing powers of the plants that no one could really explain. In addition, Keaiwa Heiau may have also been known as a "Heiau Hoʻola," or the healing or life-giving heiau according to Mary Kawena Pukui, a native Hawaiian scholar, dancer, composer, and educator.Foresters replanted most of this area in the late 1920s. The lemon eucalyptus trees give forth a mild citrus scent in the air. The trail's lower end is marked by stands of Norfolk Island pine trees. As you approach Pu'u Uau, the trail's high point around halfway along the length, look for native koa and ohi'a trees. You might possibly come upon the wreckage of a B-24 aircraft that went down in 1944.
The name Keaiwa means "strange" or "incomprehensible" un Hawaiian. Perhaps the name refers to the idea that the powers of the kahuna and the plants employed in healing are unfathomable.Erected sometime in the 16th century by Kakuhihewa, the 15th Aliʻi ʻAimoku, or ruling chief, of Oahu, the 100 feet (24 m) by 160 feet (49 m) stone temple had walls averaging 4 ft in height and 5 ft in width. The walls consisted of numerous evenly faced one foot stones that are filled with rubble. Abundant medicinal herbs in the area were used by kahuna as a type of ancient herbal clinic. The kahuna would also train haumana (students) interested in the art of laʻau lapaʻau (healing medicine). The kahuna would also train students in the practice of praying, fasting, and medicinal healing using the neighboring plants. The reputed healing powers of the surrounding plants still draws visitors who leave temple offerings,  hoping to experience medicinal benefits.Most of the trees in the area were replanted during the early 20th century. Although native species can be found at the highpoint of the trail. The remnants of a military airplane that crashed onto the area in 1993 can also be seen from the trail.The site provides a map for the 4.5 miles (7.2 km) Aiea Loop Trail. Several varieties of trees and other vegetation are enjoyed by visitors who make the trek.
The 1878 New Zealand census was the first held in four years. Information is taken from the NZ census website. The population of New Zealand was 414,216.
Guo Dan (Chinese: 郭丹; pinyin: Guō Dān; Mandarin pronunciation: [kwó tán]; born 6 December 1990) is a Chinese female roller skater who is also specialised in speed skating. She took the sport of roller skating at the age of three and has competed at several international competitions as a roller skater. She most notably secured a gold medal in the women's 20000m elimination race during the 2013 World Games which was held in Colombia.Guo Dan decided to take the sport of speed skating in the late 2015 as she was aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics. She took part in the 2017 Asian Winter Games and competed in the women's mass start event. Guo Dan was selected to represent China at the 2018 Winter Olympics and competed in the women's mass start event.
Fiorenza Sommaripa (died after 1520) was a Latin noblewoman of the Aegean islands.
The Old Morrison Mill is a historic gristmill in Burnt Prairie, Illinois. The mill was originally constructed in 1859 in Enfield and was moved to Burnt Prairie in the late nineteenth century, replacing another mill built in 1820. The mill served as the farming community's local grain processing facility, converting wheat to flour and corn to meal. While the mill was originally horse-powered, a wood-fueled boiler was installed in 1897; the boiler's power source later changed to coal, a diesel engine, and ultimately electricity. Parkin and Martin owned the mill after its relocation to Burnt Prairie until brothers R.S. and Cal Morrison purchased it in 1897. R.S. Morrison died in 1931; his sons continued to operate the mill with Cal until 1963. The mill currently sits vacant and houses a variety of well-preserved milling tools and machinery.The mill was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 11, 1984. As of December 2017, a portion of the building had collapsed.
Vladimir Yurevich Antipin (Russian: Влади́мир Ю́рьевич Анти́пин; born April 18, 1970) is a former Kazakhstani professional ice hockey defenceman who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship and the 2006 Winter Olympics as a member of the Kazakhstan men's national ice hockey team. On September 15, 2012, Vladmir's wife was killed in an automobile accident in rural Kazakhstan. His son Viktor Antipin is also hockey player, and played for the NHL's Buffalo Sabres. He is currently an ice hockey coach.
Mões is a civil parish in the municipality of Castro Daire, Portugal. The population in 2011 was 1,837, in an area of 44.15 km2.
Sanjeeb Choudhury (25 December 1964 – 19 November 2007) was a Bangladeshi singer-songwriter, writer, journalist and political activist. He was one of the two leading members of the Bengali band Dalchhut with Bappa Mazumder. Choudhury was the composer in Dalchhut's four albums and wrote and tuned many songs with his popular voice and has one solo album named Swapnobaji. He was admired for his deep voice and known as a lyrical genius in the Bengali music history. He was also a journalist and worked for the newspaper Ajker Kagoj, Bhorer Kagoj, and Jaijaidin. He was an activist during the mass upsurge against the autocratic regime of Hossain Mohammad Ershad.
David Leha, known professionally as Radical Son, is a Kamilaroi  and Tongan singer. He was part of the GetUp Mob, which released a cover version of "From Little Things Big Things Grow" in May 2008 – it reached No. 4 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Other members of the temporary group were the song's writers Kev Carmody and Paul Kelly together with Urthboy, Missy Higgins, Mia Dyson, Jane Tyrrell, Dan Sultan, Joel Wenitong and Ozi Batla.Radical Son's second studio album, Cause 'n Effect was released through Wanton music in October 2014 and features appearances from Archie Roach,  Emma Donovan, and Deline Briscoe. He was a cast member of The Rabbits with music by Kate Miller-Heidke, an opera by based on the book The Rabbits by John Marsden and Shaun Tan. The Rabbits won four Helpmann Awards.  In 2016 Radical Son performed at WOMADelaide.In 2017 he recorded "Leave them Tents Alone!!", sung to the tune of Pink Floyd's "Another Brick in the Wall (Part II)", to protest the subsequent removal of homeless people's tents and belongings by Sydney City Council from the centre of Sydney.
Dearly Devoted Dexter (2005) is a crime/horror novel by Jeff Lindsay, the second in his series about psychopathic vigilante Dexter Morgan, which has been adapted into a television series. It is narrated by the title character.
Karel Sadsuitubun Airport (IATA: LUV, ICAO: WAPF) is an airport located in Kai Islands, Southeast Maluku Regency, Maluku, Indonesia,  replacing the old Dumatubin Airport  which is now used only by the Indonesian Air Force. It serves both the city of Tual and the Langgur. The airport serves as the point of entry to Kai Islands, which contains many tourist spot such as untouched beaches which contain crystal clear water. Construction of the airport started in 2006 and after extensive delay, it was completed in 2013. The airport was inaugurated by former Minister of Transportation, Ignasius Jonan on Friday 19 December 2014. The inauguration was held simultaneously, in conjunction with the inauguration of 20 ports and 10 airports across Indonesia. The airport began operation on Monday, 24 February 2014, characterized by first landing aircraft of the airline Trigana Air.The airport originally has a runway of 1,650 m x 30 m. To accommodate larger aircraft such as the Boeing 737, Fokker 100 and Airbus A320, the runway was extended to 2,100 m in 2015, and again to 2,350 m at the end of 2015. The airport have an apron which have an area of 208 m x 132 m and a single taxiway which have an area of 125 m x 23 m. On the ground side, the airport has one terminal which has an area of 3,694 m2, a departure lounge of 876 m2 and an arrival lounge of 1,079 m2.
"Shy Boy" is the eighth single by Georgian-born singer Katie Melua and the fifth from her second album, Piece by Piece (2005).
In the UK the single was released as download-only single, whereas in some European countries there was a physical CD release. The song is also to be released in Poland, where Melua's preceding singles "Spider's Web" and "It's Only Pain" reached the top five on the airplay chart, and Piece by Piece lead single "Nine Million Bicycles" topped the chart.
After 3 weeks on charting below the Top 20, the single finally peaked at #1 in Polish National Top 50, making "Shy Boy" her second number one single in Poland.
Mount Pleasant Township is a township in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States.  As of the 2000 census, the township population was 11,153. Mount Pleasant Township should not be confused with the Borough of Mount Pleasant, which is a separate municipality and comprises the town of that name.
Adam Trupish (born February 8, 1979) is a Canadian welterweight (– 69 kg) division boxer. He was born in London, Ontario. He is a two-time Olympian and was ranked 5th in the world (among welterweights) after the 2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships.
Nyon District is a district in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The seat of the district is the city of Nyon.
Kapneh Karan (Persian: كپنه كران, also Romanized as Kapneh Karān; also known as Kapneh Garān and Rostam Khān) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 663, in 121 families. The village is populated by Kurds.
Peyvand-e Kohneh (Persian: پيوندكهنه) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 93, in 20 families.
Theodore Wint Grave is a public artwork by an unknown artist, located at the Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia, United States. This sculpture was surveyed in 1995 as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture! program. "Theodore Wint Grave" serves as the final resting place for Brigadier General Theodore J. Wint.
Eliezer Shostak (Hebrew: אליעזר שוסטק, born 16 December 1911, died 20 August 2001) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Health from 1977 until 1984 and as a member of the Knesset from 1951 until 1988.
The Bikélé are an ethnic group living mainly in the south-west of Cameroon, in the department of Haut-Nyong, sub-division of Messamena. They are closely related to the Badjoué.
DMG MORI AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT  (name written in capital letters; until September 2013: Gildemeister AG, until June 2015: DMG MORI SEIKI AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT) is one of Germany's largest manufacturers of cutting machine tools and a manufacturer of CNC-controlled Lathes and Milling machines. Products include machines, industrial services and software and energy solutions. The SDAX technology group has 21 production sites worldwide and 161 international sales and service sites. The company is based in Bielefeld.
The Interior Salish languages are one of the two main branches of the Salishan language family, the other being Coast Salish. It can be further divided into Northern and Southern subbranches. The first Salishan people encountered by American explorers were the Flathead people (Selish or seliš), among the most easternly of the group.
Giants Stadium 1987, 1989, 1991 is a live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead.  It contains five complete concerts on 14 CDs.  The shows were recorded at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey on July 12, 1987, July 9 and 10, 1989, and June 16 and 17, 1991.  The album also includes a video of the June 17, 1991 performance, on two DVDs or one Blu-ray disc.  It was released on September 27, 2019, in a limited edition of 10,000 numbered copies.The June 17, 1991 concert was also released as a separate album called Saint of Circumstance, on three CDs or five LPs.The video of the June 17, 1991 concert was shown in theaters on August 1, 2019, as that year's Grateful Dead Meet-Up at the Movies.Giants Stadium 1987, 1989, 1991 was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package.
The Battle of Krzywoploty took place on November 17 – 18 , 1914, near the village of Krzywoploty, which at that time belonged to Russian-controlled Congress Poland, and was located near the border with Austrian Galicia. Two battalions (440 soldiers) of 1st Regiment of Polish Legions in World War I (part of Austro-Hungarian Army) clashed with the Imperial Russian Army, in an attempt to stop a Russian offensive. Polish battalions were commanded by Captain Mieczyslaw Rys-Trojanowski and Captain Ottokar Brzoza-Brzezina.
On November 17, 4th and 6th Battalions, supported by field artillery, took positions on the hill of Holy Cross, located between Krzywoploty and Bydlin. Russians were located in forests by Domaniewice. The battle, which lasted for two days, was a success for the Legions, as they managed to halt a local Russian offensive. Polish losses were heavy, with 46 killed and 131 either wounded or captured. All victims, Polish, Austrian and Russian, were buried in a cemetery at Bydlin.
Jozef Pilsudski called the battle “our Thermopylae”, and following his initiative, a monument in the shape of a stone cross was unveiled at the Bydlin Cemetery in 1920. To commemorate the battle, soldiers of the Legions founded in 1937 a school in Bydlin.
The Battle of Krzywoploty is commemorated on the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, Warsaw, with the inscription "KRZYWOPLOTY 14 XI 1914".
The men's decathlon event at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games was held on 21 and 22 July at the Meadowbank Stadium in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Navarretia peninsularis is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Baja navarretia or Baja pincushionplant. It is native to southern California and Baja California, where it is an occasional member of the flora in wet spots in mountain forests. It is a hairy, glandular annual herb growing up to about 25 centimeters in maximum height. The leaves are 1 to 3 centimeters long and are divided into many very narrow linear or needlelike lobes. The inflorescence is a head of flowers lined with leaflike bracts. The lavender flowers are just under a centimeter long.
Stigmella caliginosa is a moth of the family Nepticulidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found in South Africa.
Billy Conway (1955/1956 – December 19, 2021) was an American drummer best known for his work with Treat Her Right and Morphine. Since 2013, he toured as a duo with Jeffrey Foucault. In recent years, he also backed Chris Smither. A stripped-down approach characterized his bands, equipment, and playing.
Caribous-de-Val-d'Or Biodiversity Reserve (French: Réserve de biodiversité des Caribous-de-Val-d'Or) is a biodiversity reserve located in Abitibi-Témiscamingue, Quebec, Canada, less than 20 km (12 mi) southeast of the city of Val d'Or. It was established on April 28, 2009. The largest lake in the reserve is Sabourin Lake. With an area of 434.19 km (269.79 mi), it is one of the largest protected areas in Quebec.
The Information Ukraine (Ukrainian: Інформаційна Україна) is a political party in Ukraine registered in March 2005.
University of Phoenix (UoPX) is a private for-profit university, with its headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona. Founded in 1976, the university confers certificates and degrees at the certificate, associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degree levels. It is institutionally accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and has an open enrollment admission policy, accepting all applicants with a high-school diploma, GED, or its equivalent as sufficient for admission. The school is owned by Apollo Global Management, an American private equity firm.
Glenea ochreosignata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Karl-Ernst Hüdepohl in 1995. It is known from Malaysia.
Caesar Antichrist (French: César-Antéchrist) is a short 1895 play by the French writer Alfred Jarry. The third act is an early version of Jarry's next play, Ubu Roi; the main character of which, Père Ubu, appears here as the Antichrist.  This play begins with a startling sequence of images of garbled Christianity from which Ubu emerges as the new Messiah. Scholar Kimberly Jannarone argues the play was 'not intended for the stage' and is Jarry's own form of 'the theatre of the book'. While not a closet drama, Jannarone argues this might be its closest lineage, and can be considered within a tradition of works ranging from the 'Platonic dialogues and Senecan tragedies through Milton’s Samson Agonistes, Byron’s Manfred, and Villiers de l’Isle-Adam’s Axewhich'.
Deluz is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
The construction of the canal in 1821 created a narrow spit of land. This and water power from the weir allowed the development of cloth spinning 1858–1872 and paper making 1873–1977. The abandoned buildings now house a small hydroelectric plant.
Aberdeen is a community in the Municipality of West Grey in Grey County, Ontario, Canada. Aberdeen consists of a series of houses in a historical Canadian village site. The village is located north of both the Durham Interforest factory and the stretch of Grey Road 4 between Durham and Hanover.
The first settlers came to Aberdeen around 1845. Milton C. Schofield built the first mill there on the Rocky Saugeen River in 1851. For a while, the small emerging village was called Scholfield's Mill.
School was first taught in local homes, but a log structure was erected in 1854. S.S. Bentinck 10 was built in 1873. It was a stone building measuring 38 feet by 30 feet and costing $9 to build. Most of the labour and materials were donated. Dr. William J. Dunlop, minister of education in the Leslie Frost cabinet, 1952–60, received his education there. By 1945, the school was closed and any remaining students walked or were driven three miles to nearby Rocky Saugeen School. The school briefly reopened in 1966, but closed for good in 1967, when school amalgamation occurred and students were bussed to nearby Durham.
James W. Crawford bought the mill, use of the water and dam, and 20 surrounding hectares of land for $3400 - an enormous amount of money for the time - in 1879. He updated the mill and named the village after his birthplace in Aberdeen, Scotland. The village got its first post office and blacksmith shop in 1881.  Other businesses included a spinning wheel maker, a weaver, and a cooper shop.
The village boomed and expanded until 1896, when wood for the mill and export began to become scarce.
In 1896, the Electric Light Company took out a lease that would provide electricity for Durham residents until the 1940s.
Most of the land, once cleared of its trees, is totally enclosed in trees again.
Vaa Raja Vaa (transl. Come Raja, Come) is a 1969 Indian Tamil-language children's film written, directed and produced by A. P. Nagarajan for CNV Productions. The film features an ensemble cast including Master Prabhakar, Baby Sumathi, Sirkazhi Govindarajan, V. S. Raghavan, K. D. Santhanam and Suruli Rajan. It was released on 6 December 1969 and became a commercial success. The film was remade in Telugu as Balaraju Katha (1970), with Prabhakar reprising his role.
A World of Music was a Canadian musical variety television series which aired on CBC Television for 13 weeks in 1966.
United Express is the brand name for the regional branch of United Airlines, under which six individually owned regional airlines operate short- and medium-haul feeder flights.
On October 1, 2010, UAL Corporation and Continental Airlines merged to form United Continental Holdings, the holding company for the newly merged United Airlines. On June 27, 2019 United Express changed its parent company name from United Continental Holdings to United Airlines Holdings. As Continental and United merged, Continental Connection and Continental Express gradually adopted the United Express brand name, bringing the number of operators to twelve and the number of aircraft to over 550.
As of November 30, 2011, after United received its Single Operating Certificate following the merger with Continental Airlines, over 575 aircraft fly under the United Express brand.
Towada-Minami Station (十和田南駅, Towada-Minami-eki) is a JR East railway station located in the city of Kazuno, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Ivanovskoye (Russian: Ивановское) is a rural locality (a village) in Karinskoye Rural Settlement, Alexandrovsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 19 as of 2010.
The Moffat Hills are a range of hills in the Southern Uplands of Scotland. They form a roughly triangular shape with a west facing side, a north facing side, and a south-east facing side. It is 17 kilometres from east to west across this triangle and some 16 kilometres north to south. The highest point is White Coomb at 821 m (2694 ft). The town of Moffat lies just south of the Moffat hills and along with Tweedsmuir, at the northern extremity, is the only centre of population around these hills. In some older maps, the northern part of the Moffat Hills is called the Tweedsmuir Hills, but can also be known by the title Manor Hills. 
Josué Isaias Villafranca Quiñónez (born 16 December 1999) is a Honduran footballer currently playing as a forward for CF Intercity on loan from F.C. Motagua.
San Roberto International School, formerly known as Instituto San Roberto, is a private international school located in Monterrey, Mexico. The school was founded in 1982 by Mrs. Monica Sada. As of June 2015, San Roberto International School was part of Nord Anglia Education, the schools organization.
2055 students from 33 countries attend either of the school’s two locations in the Valle Alto area of Monterrey.
The school offers an international academic program for students from PreNursery to grade 9.
Adoneta spinuloides, the purple-crested slug moth, is a species of slug caterpillar moth in the family Limacodidae.The MONA or Hodges number for Adoneta spinuloides is 4685.
Jericho is a general designation given to a loosely related family of deployed ballistic missiles developed by Israel from the 1960s forward. The name is taken from the first development contract for the Jericho I signed between Israel and Dassault in 1963, with the codename as a reference to the Biblical city of Jericho. As with most Israeli unconventional weapons systems, exact details are classified, though there are observed test data, public statements by government officials, and details in open literature especially about the Shavit satellite launch vehicle.
The later Jericho family development is related to the Shavit and Shavit II space launch vehicles believed to be derivatives of the Jericho II IRBM and that preceded the development of the Jericho III ICBM. The Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in the US concluded that the Shavit could be adapted as an ICBM carrying 500 kg warhead over 7,500 km. Additional insight into the Jericho program was revealed by the South African series of missiles, of which the RSA-3 are believed to be licensed copies of the Jericho II/Shavit, and the RSA-4 that used part of these systems in their stack with a heavy first stage. Subsequent to the declaration and disarming of the Nuclear programme of South Africa, the RSA series missiles were offered commercially as satellite launch vehicles, resulting in the advertised specifications becoming public knowledge.The civilian space launch version of the Jericho, the Shavit, has been studied in an air launched version piggybacked on a Boeing 747 similar to a U.S. experimental launch of the Minuteman ICBM from a C-5 Galaxy.
Velké Meziříčí (Czech pronunciation: [ˈvɛlkɛː ˈmɛzɪr̝iːtʃiː]; German: Groß Meseritsch) is a town in Žďár nad Sázavou District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 11,000 inhabitants. The historic town centre with the castle complex is well preserved and is protected by law as an urban monument zone.
Ophichthus rotundus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Chung-Lyul Lee and Hirotoshi Asano in 1997. It is a marine, temperate water-dwelling eel which is known from Korea, in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. Males can reach a maximum total length of 79.3 centimeters (31.2 in).
Damt District  is a district of the Dhale Governorate, Yemen. As of 2003, the district had a population of 60,944 inhabitants.
Schwarzenbek-Land is an Amt ("collective municipality") in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated around Schwarzenbek. Its seat is in Schwarzenbek, itself not part of the Amt.
The Amt Schwarzenbek-Land consists of the following municipalities (population in 2005 between brackets):
Bengal Film Journalists' Association Awards commonly referred as BFJA Awards, is given by The Bengal Film Journalists' Association. The BFJA is the oldest association of film critics in India, founded in 1937 to serve the developing film journalism and film industry.
Agustín Manuel de Eyzaguirre y Arechavala (American Spanish: [aɣusˈtin ejsaˈɣire]; May 3, 1768 – July 19, 1837) was a Chilean political figure. He served as Provisional President of Chile between 1826 and 1827.
Typha azerbaijanensis  is a plant species endemic to northeastern Iran. The name refers not to the independent Republic of Azerbaijan  but rather to the Azerbaijan region in northeastern Iran. The species grows in freshwater marshes. Type collection was made between Khoy and Marand at an elevation of about 1100 m.
Bernard Bonnet (born 11 February 1948), French civil servant, is best known for being the first prefect since World War II to be convicted of an offense committed in the course of his duties, his role in the "Affair of the beach huts".
Neo-Hasidism, or Neo-Chassidus, is an approach to Judaism in which people learn beliefs and practices of Hasidic Judaism, and incorporate it into their own lives or prayer communities, yet without formally joining a Hasidic group. Over the last century neo-Hasidism was popularized by the works of writers such as Hillel Zeitlin, Martin Buber, Abraham Joshua Heschel, Lawrence Kushner, Zalman Schachter-Shalomi, and Arthur Green.
Neo-Hasidism is not a denomination of Judaism, but rather an approach to Judaism which can be found in all movements of Judaism, Orthodox and non-Orthodox. Among non-Orthodox Jews one can find adherents of neo-Hasidism in Conservative, Reform, Reconstructionism, and Aleph: The Alliance for Jewish Renewal.
In the 1970s and 1980s a similar movement amongst baalei teshuva— within more "traditional" Orthodoxy—was observed in the US,
influenced by Shlomo Carlebach, Aryeh Kaplan, Zvi Aryeh Rosenfeld and others, and reflecting the prevailing counterculture movement. To some extent, it has persisted to this day in such phenomena as the Carlebach minyan and the growth in the Breslov movement.
The Orange County Sanitation District (OCSD) is a public agency that provides wastewater collection, treatment, and disposal services for approximately 2.6  million people in central and northwest Orange County.  OCSD is a special district that is governed by a Board of Directors consisting of 25 board members appointed from 20 cities, two sanitary districts, two water districts and one representative from the Orange County Board of Supervisors.  OCSD has two operating facilities that treat wastewater from residential, commercial and industrial sources. It is the third largest wastewater treatment facility west of the Mississippi River. OCSD and the Orange County Water District were awarded the Stockholm Industry Water Award in 2008 for pioneering work to develop with Trojan Technologies (Canada) the Groundwater Replenishment System, the world’s largest water purification plant for groundwater recharge.  Orange County Sanitation District is commonly referred to as OCSD, though not to be confused with Orange County Sheriff's Department that shares the same acronym.
Bolsón Cove (65°9′S 63°5′W) is a cove at the head of Flandres Bay, lying immediately east of Etienne Fjord, along the west coast of Graham Land. It was first charted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache, 1897–99. The name appears on an Argentine government chart of 1954 and is probably descriptive; "bolsón" is Spanish for a large purse.
Charles Scheirlinckx (born 1867, date of death unknown) was a Belgian sports shooter. He competed in the team free rifle event at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Laguna Canyon (also called Cañada de las Lagunas, meaning "Lake Canyon" in Spanish) is a canyon that cuts through the San Joaquin Hills in southern Orange County, California, in the United States, directly south of the city of Irvine. The canyon runs from northeast to southwest, and is drained on the north side by tributaries of San Diego Creek and on the south by Laguna Canyon Creek. It is deeper and more rugged on the southwestern end near Laguna Beach.
Geologically, the canyon likely originated millions of years ago as the result of San Diego Creek cutting through the San Joaquin Hills. Uplift diverted that stream to its present course, leaving Laguna Canyon as a wind gap. California State Route 133 runs the entire length of the canyon connecting Laguna Beach and Irvine, while California State Route 73 crosses it, running southeast–northwest. A majority of the canyon is located within the Laguna Coast Wilderness Park; small portions are part of Aliso and Wood Canyons Wilderness Park and the cities of Irvine, Laguna Beach, Laguna Woods and Aliso Viejo.
The Kernewek Lowender (officially the Kernewek Lowender Copper Coast Cornish Festival) is a Cornish-themed biennial festival held in the Copper Coast towns of Kadina, Moonta and Wallaroo on Yorke Peninsula, South Australia. 'Kernewek Lowender' means 'Cornish happiness' in the Cornish language. It is held in the late autumn starting on the second Monday of May, in odd-numbered years. The Kernewek Lowender claims to be the world’s largest Cornish Festival outside Cornwall.
Hoang Anh Gia Lai Football Club (Vietnamese: Câu lạc bộ Bóng đá Hoàng Anh Gia Lai), simply known as Hoang Anh Gia Lai and commonly known as HAGL, is a Vietnamese professional football club based in Pleiku, Gia Lai. Owned by Đoàn Nguyên Đức, a prominent Vietnamese businessman and founder of Hoang Anh Gia Lai Group, They play in the top division in Vietnamese soccer, V.League 1. Their home stadium is Pleiku Stadium.On 11 April 2019, HAGL partnered up with Feyenoord Rotterdam to a talent and coaching development partnership. The aim of this was for Feyenoord to share its knowhow and methodology with HAGL. With this partnership, Vietnamese teams, players and coaches will be able to travel to the Netherlands to gain experience.
Sir John Grey KG (c. 1387 – 27 August 1439), English nobleman and soldier, of Ruthin, Denbighshire, Wales, Badmondisfield (in Wickhambrook), Suffolk, Great Gaddesden, Hertfordshire, etc., second but eldest surviving son and heir apparent of Sir Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn by his 1st wife, Margaret Roos. He was also Captain of Gournay.
He traveled with the king to France in 1415 and 1417. He fought at the Battle of Agincourt and was invested as the 151st Knight of the Garter on 5 May 1436.He married (first) before Trinity term 1410 (as her second husband) Constance Holland (c.1387–14 November 1437), the daughter of John Holland, 1st Duke of Exeter (half brother of King Richard II), by his wife, Elizabeth of Lancaster. By her mother, Constance was a niece of King Henry IV. Constance married (first) before 1 June 1402 (by papal dispensation dated 18 Sept. 1391, they being related in the fourth degree of kindred) Sir Thomas Mowbray, 4th Earl of Norfolk, Earl of Nottingham, Earl Marshal, Lord Mowbray, Segrave, and Gower.  They had no issue.  Sir Thomas Mowbray was executed 8 June 1405 due to his revolt against her uncle, King Henry IV.Sir John Grey and Constance Holland had three children:
Sir Thomas Grey, Lord Richemount Grey, of Simpson, Buckinghamshire, Richemount, Bedfordshire, Merton, Westmorland, Langton, Yorkshire, etc., Justice of the Peace for Buckinghamshire, 1453–8, Justice of the Peace for Bedfordshire, 1455. He was created Baron of Richemount Grey by charter dated 25 June 1450, with remainder to his heirs male.  He fought on the Lancastrian side at the Battle of Towton 29 March 1461. He was subsequently attainted Nov. 1461 by the first Parliament of King Edward IV, whereby his honours and lands were forfeited, and he was executed soon afterwards.
Constance Grey, who married Sir Richard Herbert.Constance, Countess Marshal, died 12 (or 14) Nov. 1437, and was buried in a chapel at St. Katherine by the Tower, London by her brother, John Holland, Duke of Exeter.  Following her death, Sir John Grey married (2nd) before 1 July 1438 Margaret Mowbray, daughter of Thomas Mowbray, 1st Duke of Norfolk and widow of Sir Robert Howard. They had no issue.Sir John Grey died 27 August 1439.  His widow, Margaret, received a papal indult for a portable altar 3 August 1446.  She died shortly before 18 October 1459.
Nimbahera Legislative Assembly constituency is one of the 200 Legislative Assembly constituencies of Rajasthan state in India.It is part of Chittorgarh district.
Antoine Bédard (born c. 1978) is a Canadian electronic musician, best known for his recordings under the stage name Montag.
Originally from Montreal, he sings in both French and English, and is currently residing in Montreal again, after a stint in  Vancouver, British Columbia. He recently completed a tour with The One AM Radio and Lymbyc Systym.
Sometimes referred to as a "laptop musician", he received a grant from the Quebec Arts Council to record and catalogue orchestra instruments. He uses the database—with the sounds sometimes looped and processed—in his live performances, along with his own keyboard playing.On his 2005 album Alone, Not Alone, he collaborated with hip hop music producer Sixtoo.His 2007 album, Going Places, includes collaborations with M83, Ida Nilsen, Ghislain Poirier, Final Fantasy and Amy Millan. For the title track, he spliced together sounds that fans from around the world had sent in to him; he credits 70 contributors. An openly gay man, Bédard's song "Best Boy Electric" is a boy-on-boy duet that tells of the romance that prompted his move to Vancouver.He won a 2008 Jessie Award for Outstanding Sound Design or Original Composition, for his contribution to a production of 4.48 Psychosis.In 2012, Montag will release one single a month, all released by Carpark Records. Each single will be accompanied by a music video.
Michael Hoke Austin (February 17, 1910 – November 23, 2005) was an American golf professional and kinesiology expert, specializing in long drives.He was credited by Guinness World Records with hitting the longest drive in tournament play (471m/515 yards) in 1974 at Winterwood Golf Course (the Par-4 455-yard 14th Hole now called Desert Rose Golf Course) in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The tundra vole (Microtus oeconomus) or root vole is a medium-sized vole found in Northern and Central Europe, Asia, and northwestern North America, including Alaska and northwestern Canada. In the western part of the Netherlands, the tundra vole is a relict from the ice age and has developed to the subspecies Microtus oeconomus arenicola.
"Happy Birthday, Mr. President" is a song sung by actress and singer Marilyn Monroe on May 19, 1962, for President John F. Kennedy at a celebration of his 45th birthday, 10 days before the actual date (May 29).
Monroe sang the traditional "Happy Birthday to You" lyrics in a sultry, intimate voice, with "Mr. President" inserted as Kennedy's name. She continued the song with a snippet from the classic song, "Thanks for the Memory", for which she had written new lyrics specifically aimed at Kennedy.
Afterwards, as a large birthday cake was presented to him, President Kennedy came on stage and joked about Monroe's version of the song, saying, "I can now retire from politics after having had Happy Birthday sung to me in such a sweet, wholesome way," alluding to Marilyn's delivery, skintight dress, and image as a sex symbol.The performance was one of her last major public appearances before her death less than three months later on August 4, 1962. First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, who rarely attended Democratic Party events, spent the day at the Loudon Hunt Horse Show with her children, John and Caroline.
Munro (Scottish Gaelic: Rothach) is a Scottish surname. In both languages, it means "man from the River Roe" in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. The surname is common in Ross-shire and other areas of northern Scotland; it also spread to Canada via emigration.People with the name include:
Yamashina (山科区, Yamashina-ku) is one of the eleven wards in the city of Kyoto, in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan. It lies in the southeastern part of the city, and Yamashina Station is one stop away from Kyoto Station on the Tōkaidō Main Line (Biwako Line).
The area of Yamashina-ku is 28.70 km² and the population is 135,091 as of October 1, 2016.
It used to be a farming village located between Kyoto and Shiga, but Yamashina has now become a bedroom town for those commuting to urban area of Kyoto and Osaka because of its convenient location.
Historically, Yamashina was an important point for traffic connecting Kyoto and east part of Japan. In the Edo period, it flourished as a post town along the Tōkaidō road. There used to be many Kaido roads such as Nara Kaido, Shibutani Kaido, and Oiwa Kaido.
Stephen Susco is an American screenwriter, producer, and director. He is best known for writing horror films such as The Grudge, The Grudge 2, and Texas Chainsaw 3D. His directorial debut film, Unfriended: Dark Web, had its premiere at SXSW on March 9, 2018.
Chinchulín is beef small intestine, which may be grilled or fried. It is consumed in many Latin American countries.
In some countries, chunchullo is grilled over wood or charcoal. In Colombia, Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay, Peru and Chile, however, it is usually roasted. Despite its long cooking requirement, it is usually the first dish served in a Paraguayan, Uruguayan, or Argentinian "asado."
Arturo Berned  (born 26 May 1966 in Madrid, Spain), is a Spanish sculptor whose works are conceived on the basis of mathematical laws and geometrical layouts charged with symbolism. In 1993 he graduated in Architecture, a profession that he exercised for several years and combined with his love of sculpture. In the year 2000 he began to dedicate himself entirely to sculpture.
Oleksandr Vladyslavovych Tkachenko (Ukrainian: Олекса́ндр Владисла́вович Ткаче́нко, born 22 January 1966) is a Ukrainian journalist, CEO and politician who is Ukraine's Minister of Culture and Information Policy since 4 June 2020.Prior to his Ministership Tkachenko was a Ukrainian media manager, journalist, producer and the long-term CEO of the 1+1 Media Group.Tkachenko won a parliamentary seat in the July 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election with the party Servant of the People.
In mathematics, the affine q-Krawtchouk polynomials  are a family of basic hypergeometric orthogonal polynomials in the basic Askey scheme, introduced by Carlitz and Hodges. Roelof Koekoek, Peter A. Lesky, and René F. Swarttouw (2010, 14) give a detailed list of their properties.
Ryūji Fujita (藤田 隆治, Fujita Ryūji, April 13, 1907 – January 28, 1965) was a Japanese artist and Olympic bronze medalist.
He was born in Hōhoku, which is now a part of Shimonoseki city in Yamaguchi prefecture. He studied under artists Kyūho Noda and Hokkai Takashima. His works have received accolades from the Institute of Japanese Style Painting, Seiryū Shaten, and the Bunten Exhibition. In 1934 he established the Shin Nihonga Kenkyūkai with other artists such as Kenji Yoshioka.In 1936, he won a bronze medal in the painting category in the art competitions at the Berlin Games for his "アイスホッケー" ("Ice hockey"). The piece was later purchased by the Nazi Party, after which its whereabouts became unknown.
In 1938, he established the Shin Bijutsujin Kyoukai. Afterward, he moved to Kitakyushu city in Fukuoka prefecture, and continued producing work. He also worked as a lecturer at Saga University.
Luis Hernandez Olea (born March 11, 1984 in Guadalajara, Mexico) is a Mexican former competitive figure skater. He was a 6-time Mexican National champion. Representing Mexico at 4 World Championships. In 2008, he placed 15th at the Four Continents Championships. Highest finish ever by a male skater from Mexico. He previously competed at the United States Figure Skating Championships, placing 7th as a novice in 2002 and 11th in 2003. He was formerly coached by Frank Carroll.
The Bulgaria men's national under-21 volleyball team represents Bulgaria in international men's volleyball competitions and friendly matches under the age 21 and it is ruled by the Bulgarian Volleyball Federation body that is an affiliate of the Federation of International Volleyball FIVB and also part of the European Volleyball Confederation CEV.
Nicolas Thevenin (born 5 June 1958) is a French prelate of the Catholic Church who works in the diplomatic service of the Holy See. He has been Apostolic Nuncio to Egypt since 2019.
The Rock is an unincorporated community in Upson County, Georgia, United States. The Rock is located on Georgia State Route 36, 7 miles (11 km) northeast of Thomaston. The Rock has a post office with ZIP code 30285, although the post office is on the list to be closed. The Rock is also home to the area-famous Rock Ranch, a small theme park with a farming theme.
The Rock is bordered by the cities of Barnesville, Hannahs Mill, Meansville, and Yatesville.
Henri Desmarets  (February 1661 – 7 September 1741) was a French composer of the Baroque period primarily known for his stage works, although he also composed sacred music as well as secular cantatas, songs and instrumental works.
Mirahampe is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift signed a record deal with the then-independent label Big Machine Records in 2005 and, with the exception of several cover performances and two guest features, has subsequently written or co-written every song she has released and has also contributed as a writer to songs released by other artists. Swift released her eponymous debut album in 2006. She wrote three of the album's tracks: "Our Song", "Should've Said No", and "The Outside" alone. The remaining eight were co-written with Liz Rose, Robert Ellis Orrall, Brian Maher, and Angelo Petraglia. In 2007, she released her first extended play (EP), Sounds of the Season: The Taylor Swift Holiday Collection, which includes two original self-written tracks: "Christmases When You Were Mine" and "Christmas Must Be Something More".
Beautiful Eyes, Swift's second EP, was released in 2008 and features alternate takes of songs from her debut album, as well as two new tracks; the title track and "I Heart ?". Swift wrote most of her songs from her second album, Fearless (2008) while she promoted her debut album as opening act for country artists. Seeing as collaborators were not available on the road, Swift self-penned eight of her second album's tracks while the rest were co-written with Rose, Hillary Lindsey, Colbie Caillat, and John Rich. She contributed two songs, "Today Was a Fairytale" and "Jump Then Fall", to the Valentine's Day soundtrack, and recorded a cover of Better Than Ezra's "Breathless" for the Hope for Haiti Now album. Swift wrote every track of her Speak Now (2010) album without any co-writers. The album expands on the country pop style of her previous work and touches on themes of love, romance, and heartbreak. In late 2011, Swift contributed two original songs—"Safe & Sound", featuring duo The Civil Wars, and "Eyes Open"—to The Hunger Games soundtrack album.
Swift's fourth album Red (2012) marked a change in her musical style with the experimentation of heartland rock, dubstep, and dance-pop. In addition to collaborating with producer Nathan Chapman—who also recorded her first three albums—she worked with new producers such as Dann Huff, Max Martin, and Shellback; the latter two also co-wrote the album with her. In 2013, she provided guest vocals for Tim McGraw's "Highway Don't Care", which features guitar work by Keith Urban, and penned "Sweeter than Fiction" for the One Chance soundtrack album.
Swift released her fifth album 1989 in 2014. Credited as her "first documented, official pop album", it marks a departure from her previous country albums. It incorporates musical genres, such as dance-pop, electropop and synth-pop, and is described as an album "driven by synths and drums in lieu of guitar". For the album, Swift worked with new co-writers, including Jack Antonoff, Ryan Tedder, and Ali Payami. Swift and Martin served as the executive producer. She enlisted her long-time collaborators Chapman, Martin, Shellback, and for the first time Noel Zancanella, Mattman & Robin, and Greg Kurstin. In December 2016, Swift recorded the song "I Don't Wanna Live Forever" for the film Fifty Shades Darker with British singer Zayn Malik. On her sixth album Reputation (2017), Swift served as the executive producer, and worked with long-time collaborators Antonoff, Martin, Shellback, alongside new collaborators such as Oscar Görres and Oscar Holter, and Future as featured artists on the album.On Swift's seventh studio album Lover (2019), she served as the executive producer and worked with long-time collaborator Antonoff alongside new collaborators Joel Little, Louis Bell, Frank Dukes, Sounwave, and St. Vincent. The album featured Brendon Urie of Panic! at the Disco and The Chicks. The title track remix was released featuring guest vocals and lyrics from Shawn Mendes. In November 2019, Swift released "Beautiful Ghosts", a song written with British composer Andrew Lloyd Webber for the Cats motion picture soundtrack. The week before her birthday in 2019, Swift released a non-album Christmas single titled "Christmas Tree Farm". In January 2020, she released the politically-themed track "Only the Young" alongside Miss Americana, a Netflix documentary following her life and career over the course of several years.
Swift released her eighth studio album Folklore in July 2020; the surprise release included sixteen standard tracks and one bonus track on the physical deluxe edition. She collaborated with long-time collaborator Antonoff and new collaborators Aaron Dessner of The National, William Bowery, and Bon Iver, the latter featuring on "Exile". In December 2020, five months after Swift released Folklore, she surprise released her ninth studio album, Evermore, which Swift referred to as Folklore's sister album, including fifteen tracks and two bonus tracks. On Evermore, Swift collaborated with Dessner, Antonoff, William Bowery, Bon Iver, the National and Haim. In 2021, Swift and Haim released "Gasoline" from the expanded edition of Haim's 2020 album Women in Music Pt. III.Starting with Fearless in 2020, Swift began re-recording her old music to regain control of the masters of her first six studio albums. In April 2021, Swift released Fearless (Taylor's Version) as the first re-recorded album. The album release was preceded with the three singles; "Love Story (Taylor's Version)", "You All Over Me" and "Mr. Perfectly Fine". She worked with new collaborator Christopher Rowe and long-time collaborators Antonoff and Dessner for the album. In November the same year, she followed up with Red (Taylor's Version). The album included the longest Billboard Hot 100 number one song "All Too Well (Taylor's Version)". On the album, she worked with long-time collaborators such as Rowe, Antonoff, Dessner, and Shellback.
Joel Klaiman is an American music industry executive.  The president of Hitco Entertainment, Klaiman served previously in senior positions at Columbia Records, Epic Records and Universal Republic Records. Over the course of his career, he has worked with Adele, David Bowie, Beyoncé, John Legend, One Direction, Bruce Springsteen, Little Mix, Taylor Swift, and Amy Winehouse, among others.Klaiman  is noted for his role in the design of promotional campaigns which resulted in the crossover success of singles by artists including Daft Punk ("Get Lucky"), Gotye ("Somebody That I Used to Know"),  Legend ("All of Me"), Hozier ("Take Me to Church"), Pharrell ("Happy"), Psy  ("Gangnam Style") and Swift's first crossover hit, "Love Story."
Myxilla is a genus of demosponge belonging to the family Myxillidae. These sponges usually form encrustations on rock surfaces.
The Hellissandur longwave radio mast (Icelandic: Langbylgjustöðin á Gufuskálum [ˈlauŋkˌpɪlcʏˌstœːðɪn au ˈkʏːvʏˌskauːlʏm]) is a 412-metre-high guyed radio mast used for longwave radio transmissions and situated at Gufuskálar [ˈkʏːvʏˌskauːlar̥], near Hellissandur on the Snæfellsnes peninsula of Iceland.
The mast, which is among the tallest structures in Western Europe, is insulated against the ground and guyed at five levels by steel ropes, which are subdivided by insulators. It was built in 1963 to replace the 190.5-metre-high LORAN-C mast, constructed in 1959 for the North Atlantic LORAN-C chain (GRD 7970).
After the closure of the LORAN-C scheme in 1994 the mast was converted for use by RÚV (The Icelandic National Broadcasting Service) for its longwave transmissions on 189 kHz at a power of 300 kilowatts.
A second, smaller 30-meter tower was installed by the US Coast Guard in the fall of 1961 as part of a LORAN-A network paired with Greenland.
Fairbank also known as Fairbanks East, was located on New World Island. It had a population of 112 in 1956.
Awata ware (粟田焼, Awata-yaki) is a type of Japanese pottery that is a form of Kyō ware from Kyoto.It is related to other Kyō wares such as Mizoro ware and Kiyomizu ware, but denotes the kiln it originates from.
The origin lies in the Awataguchi area of Kyoto.Awata kilns also produced Satsuma ware at one point.
Juan Bautista Bayuco was a painter of some repute at Valencia, where he was born in 1664. His best works were his pictures in the cloister of the convent of St. Sebastian, illustrative of the 'Life of San Francisco de Paula'.
Igor Diogo Moreira Araújo (born 4 February 1987 in Leiria) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for S.C. Covilhã as a goalkeeper.
HMS Odin was a steam-powered first-class paddle frigate of the Royal Navy. She was launched in 1846 and was used in the Baltic theatre of the Crimean War.
The ship was launched on 24 July 1846, at 1,301 73/94 bm, and decommissioned in 1865. She was sold that year to Castle & Beech for breaking up. She was initially intended to carry eight 32pdr carronades on the middle deck, but this idea was later discarded and these guns were never fitted. Between 1850 and 1851 she was fitted out for an Ambassador.
The ship had six commanders during her operational lifetime. Captain Frederick Thomas Pelham took command at her commissioning at Portsmouth on 24 May 1847. He paid her off at Portsmouth and was succeeded by Commander William Saltonstall Wiseman, who took over on 1 August 1851, until October 1851. Captain Francis Scott was in command from 18 December 1852 until 3 February 1855, Captain James Willcox took over on 7 September 1855 and Captain Lord John Hay commanded Odin from 20 September 1859 until 1863.
Gabriel Gheorghe Caramarin (born 7 September 1977, in Măcin) is a retired Romanian footballer and the current assistant manager of Jiangsu Suning.
Caramarin began his career at Sportul Studenţesc and made his debut in the Divizia A in 1994. After a short interlude at Gloria Bistrita, he rejoined Sportul in 1997, playing 16 matches for the Bucharest-based team. As Sportul relegated, he moved to FC Naţional, where he spent the next seven years of his career, making over 150 first league appearances. He joined Poli in the winter break of the 2004–05 season, together with Național coach Cosmin Olăroiu and teammates Gabriel Cânu, Gigel Coman and Marius Popa.
Caramarin made his debut for the national side in a friendly against Germany, and scored on his debut in a 5–1 win. Since then, he has made another three appearances for Romania.
After retiring in 2009, he became the assistant coach of Unirea Urziceni and later Steaua București.
He won the Cupa României with Steaua București in 2011 as caretaker head coach.
Shattered Horizon is a 2009 first-person shooter video game developed and published by Futuremark Games Studio. The game was released on November 4, 2009 exclusively on Microsoft Windows via Steam.
The list of ship launches in 1885 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1885.
The scientific name is derived from the Greek phaleros (with a white marking) and refers to the white spot on the apex of the forewings.
La Esencia is the sixth studio album by the Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Alexis & Fido released on March 4, 2014 through Wild Dogz Music and Warner Music Latina. At the Latin Grammy Awards of 2014, the album received a nomination for Best Music Urban Album. La Esencia received a nomination for a Lo Nuestro Award for Urban Album of the Year.
Polia nugatis is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family Noctuidae. It is found in North America.The MONA or Hodges number for Polia nugatis is 10281.
Lepidochrysops skotios is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae first described by Hamilton Herbert Druce in 1905. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Katanga Province, Lualaba and possibly Kwango) and Zambia.Adults have been recorded on wing in October and November.
Anna Blinkova and Oksana Kalashnikova won the title, defeating Usue Maitane Arconada and Jamie Loeb in the final, 6–2, 4–6, [10–4].
Nathaniel "Nat" Ho (Chinese: 鹤天赐; pinyin: Hè Tiāncì, born 23 August 1984) is a Singaporean actor and singer.
Biskupice [biskuˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brwinów, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Brwinów, 8 km (5 mi) west of Pruszków, and 23 km (14 mi) west of Warsaw.
Sergey Alexandrovich Filatov (Russian: Сергей Александрович Филатов, born 10 July 1936) is a retired Russian statesman, who was the chief of Russian presidential executive office in 1993–96, during the Boris Yeltsin's first term.
The Saint Joseph's Institution Military Band (SJIMB) is a symphonic band with a military aspect. It is the main band that plays for the school's Annual Parades and other school functions.
In the early years of the SJIMB, it was the first school military band that played for the National Day Parade in the 1960s, which then started the series of school bands being involved in the National Day Parades of Singapore.
The SJIMB was one of the earliest bands founded in Singapore.
Eugene Volokh (; born February 29, 1968 as Yevhen Volodymyrovych Volokh (Ukrainian: Євге́н Володимирович Волох; Russian: Евге́ний Влади́мирович Во́лох)) is a Ukrainian-American legal scholar known for his scholarship in American constitutional law and libertarianism as well as his prominent legal blog The Volokh Conspiracy. He is the Gary T. Schwartz Professor of Law at the UCLA School of Law, and is an academic affiliate at the law firm Mayer Brown.
Totem tennis (also known as tether tennis or swingball) is a game where two players use racquets to strike a tennis or sponge ball which has been attached with string to the top of a vertical pole. The pole is either driven into soft ground or anchored with a heavy base.
Tether tennis has been known since the early 1900s.The British company Mookie Toys claims that in 1993 it acquired the global rights for the  Swingball brand, the product sold since 1974. In Mookie Toys Swingball,  there is a helical coil of wire at the top of the pole and the competitors hit the ball in opposite directions to make it go up or down the coil, the winner being the person who gets the ball to their end of the coil, top or bottom.Other commercial swingball toys have a rotating component to attach the string, so that it does not wrap around the pole. The mother of British tennis star Andy Murray asserts that part of Andy's success may be attributed to swingball he used to play at their home in Scotland in early childhood.The game was once sold in the United States under the name Zimm Zamm.
Tethina parvula is a species of fly in the family Canacidae.
John Michael Horvath (born János Horváth on 30 July 1924 in Budapest – died 12 March 2015) was a Hungarian-American mathematician noted for his contributions to analysis especially in functional analysis and distribution theory.
Pervaporation (or pervaporative separation) is a processing method for the separation of mixtures of liquids by partial vaporization through a non-porous or porous membrane.
Special Ops is a Canadian hard rock band from Montreal, Canada, first formed in 2002. The band is currently composed of Lead Singer Abe Froman, Guitarist Weka Soliman , Bassist Waldo Thornhill, Guitarist Hedi Baly and Drummer Manu Bessette.
Special Ops is known for its diverse sound, influenced by a range of jazz, 80s metal, and Middle Eastern strumming techniques. The band achieved considerable success in the early 2000s with their song "Anger's Creeping", which became the main theme for Spike TV's first two seasons of Sid's Cycle Show. Their song "Emily" gained similar acclaim when it was used as the soundtrack to Annabelle Cosmetics's Video Tutorial, 'How to create Custom QUAD FOXY Browns Look'.The band's third album, Through the Heart of the Infidel, was written shortly after Waldo Thornhill's cancer diagnosis in 2012. Special Ops disbanded, taking a four year hiatus after releasing their live album Live and Kicking (to let their fans know they will be back) before returning in 2016 with their EP Tangents. Though Tangents continued with their distinct blend of heavy metal, new age metal, and nu metal, Their most recent Single, Baby Take It All marked a shift towards a more mainstream, radio-friendly sound. The music video for the titular track, “Baby Take It All,” premiered on Metal Injection and has since received over thirty thousand views on YouTube. "Baby Take It All" was their second 2017 video release that had followed the launch of a music video for “Anger’s Creeping”. Special Ops returned on November 24, 2019 with a fresh new album dubbed “Blood And Tears”. In this self-produced 9th release to be followed by the second single "Dead Are Calling" before the full length album and last single "I Put A Spell On You", along with Grammy & Multi Platinum award winning Producer Steve Pageot, Mixing engineer Darius Szezepaniak and Mastered by Kevin Jardine Slaves on Dope guitarist.
After their bass player “Waldo Thornhill” has beaten cancer twice,  Special Ops have managed in less than 6 months to release 2 successful singles to follow up on their award winning album “Through The Heart Of The Infidel”.
According to the band Their latest record “Blood And Tears” captures the hearts and minds of those who have struggled in protest and demonstrates the trial and tribulations they as a band have seen.
Scaphiodontophis is a genus of snakes in the family Colubridae. The genus is native to Mexico, Central America, and Colombia.
La Fonderie, Brussels Museum of Industry and Labour (French: La Fonderie, Musée bruxellois des industries et du travail, Dutch: La Fonderie, Brussels museum van de industrie en de arbeid) is a museum of industrial history in Brussels, Belgium. It collects objects, documents and oral history on the city’s industrial past and visualises the working history of Brussels.
The museum is located at 27, rue Ransfort/Ransfortstraat in Molenbeek-Saint-Jean, on the site of the former foundry of La Compagnie des Bronzes de Bruxelles (1854–1979), close to the Brussels–Charleroi Canal. It is managed as a nonprofit organisation focusing on analysing and exhibiting the economic and social history of the Brussels region. It publishes a magazine, organises guided tours and provides educational activities. La Fonderie also houses a documentation centre open to the public.
Astyliasula major is a species of praying mantis in the family Hymenopodidae.
Khai D. T. Ngo is a Professor of electrical and computer engineering at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Virginia. He was named a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2015 for his contributions to the unified synthesis and modeling of switched-mode converters.
Ngo obtained B.S. degree from California State Polytechnic University, Pomona in 1979. He then got his M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the California Institute of Technology in 1980 and 1984, respectively, all of which were in electrical and electronic engineering.
A constitutional referendum was held in Kyrgyzstan on 10 February 1996. Voters were asked "Do you approve the law of the Kyrgyz Republic "On amendments and additions of the Constitution of the Kyrgyz Republic," a draft which was published in the Decree of the President of the Kyrgyz Republic on 3 January 1996?"
It was approved by 98.6% of voters, with turnout reported to be 96.6%.
The Manly Warringah Sea Eagles is an Australian professional rugby league club based in Sydney's Northern Beaches. The team colours are maroon and white, while their namesake and logo is the sea eagle. They compete in Australia's premier rugby league competition, the National Rugby League (NRL). The club debuted in the 1947 New South Wales Rugby Football League season and currently host the majority of its home games from Brookvale Oval in Brookvale, while training at the New South Wales Academy of Sport in Narrabeen. The club hold the record of longest period in Australian Rugby League history without a wooden spoon.
The club has competed in either the NSWRL, ARL, or NRL competitions in all respective seasons from 1947 until 1999. At the end of 1999 they entered into a joint venture with the North Sydney Bears to form the Northern Eagles, which Rugby League statisticians regard as a separate club. The Northern Eagles competed in the 2000 and 2001 NRL seasons, after which the joint venture collapsed. The Manly Warringah club (who held the NRL licence) competed in the NRL as the Northern Eagles for a further season in 2002, before abandoning the name and identity to return to what they are known as today.
Since winning their first premiership in 1972, the club has won a further seven first grade titles, with their most recent being in 2011. The club's eight titles span five consecutive decades. Since their first Grand Final appearance in 1951, the club has appeared in 19 Grand Finals across seven consecutive decades.
Cliff Lyons holds the club record for most first grade games (309). Steve Menzies played 349 first grade games, however 69 were with the Northern Eagles. The club record for most career points is held by Graham Eadie (1,917), Matthew Ridge held the highest season total with 257 (1995) which has since been overtaken by Reuben Garrick with a season total of 304 (2021). Brett Stewart is the top try scorer with 163, which eclipsed the record previously held by Steven Menzies. Menzies' scored 151 tries playing for Manly Warringah, and a further 29 during the Northern Eagles venture. Menzies is regarded as being the highest try scoring forward in the history of the game, however there is some contention to the exact try tally, as he started some games playing in the centres. There is contention too over  Manly's career try scoring record with respect to Menzies and the Northern Eagles venture.
Karl-Heinz Reinfandt (born 7 July 1932) is a German musicologist and music educator.
Dany Dauberson (16 January 1925 – 16 March 1979) was a French singer and actress.
Peeter Mürk (22 December 1911 – 29 November 1974) was an Estonian weightlifter. He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Jorge Roberto Aguilar Mondaca (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈxoɾxe aɣiˈlaɾ]; born 8 January 1985) is a Chilean former professional tennis player.
Plozalizumab (INN; hu1D9)  is a humanized monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of diabetic nephropathy and arteriovenous graft patency.This drug was developed by Takeda Pharmaceuticals International Co.
Jonathan Aspas Juncal (born 28 February 1982) is a Spanish professional footballer. Mainly a right midfielder, he can also appear as an attacking right back.
Financial correlations measure the relationship between the changes of two or more financial variables over time. For example, the prices of equity stocks and fixed interest bonds often move in opposite directions: when investors sell stocks, they often use the proceeds to buy bonds and vice versa. In this case, stock and bond prices are negatively correlated.
Financial correlations play a key role in modern finance. Under the capital asset pricing model (CAPM; a model recognised by a Nobel prize), an increase in diversification increases the return/risk ratio. Measures of risk include value at risk, expected shortfall, and portfolio return variance.
Conalia helva is a beetle in the genus Conalia of the family Mordellidae. It was described in 1862 by John Lawrence LeConte.
The 2016 AFC U-19 Championship qualification decided the participating teams of the 2016 AFC U-19 Championship. The tournament is the 39th edition of the AFC U-19 Championship, the biennial international youth football championship organised by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) for the men's under-19 national teams of Asia.
A total of 16 teams qualified to play in the final tournament, including Bahrain who qualified automatically as hosts but also competed in the qualifying stage.Same as previous editions, the tournament acts as the AFC qualifiers for the FIFA U-20 World Cup. The top four teams of the final tournament will qualify for the 2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup in South Korea as the AFC representatives, besides South Korea who qualified automatically as hosts. If South Korea are among the top four teams, the fifth-placed team (i.e., the losing quarter-finalist with the best record in the tournament) will also qualify for the 2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Jacinta Patrice Stapleton (born 6th of June 1979) is an Australian actress. Known for her role as Amy Greenwood in the Australian television soap opera Neighbours from 1997 to 2000 and again from 2020 onwards. Her most notable role was playing an undercover detective in the primetime network television series Stingers. Her performance garnered an Australian Film Institute nomination for Best Supporting Actress in a Television Drama. She is the younger sister of Blindspot actor Sullivan Stapleton.
The Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra (German: Symphonieorchester des Bayerischen Rundfunks, BRSO) is a German radio orchestra. Based in Munich, Germany, it is one of the city's four orchestras. The BRSO is one of two full-size symphony orchestras operated under the auspices of Bayerischer Rundfunk, or Bavarian Broadcasting (BR). Its primary concert venues are the Philharmonie of the Gasteig Cultural Centre and the Herkulessaal in the Munich Residenz.
Zuberi Katwila (born 11 October 1982) is a Tanzanian football midfielder who played for Mtibwa Sugar. He was a squad member for the 1997 COSAFA Cup and the 2002 CECAFA Cup.
Bathytoma bartrumi is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
Stoughtonham Furnace Site is the site of a colonial-era iron foundry in Foxborough and Sharon, Massachusetts.  First established in the 1760s, the site drew the attention of artillery colonel Richard Gridley following the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War in 1775.  Gridley and some business partners acquired the property, and the foundry produced cannons and ammunition for the Continental Army throughout the war.The site, located in the Gavin's Pond area near the Foxborough line, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Julien Lamy (born 6 November 1999) is a French professional footballer who plays as a winger for Cypriot Second Division side Enosis Neon Paralimni.
Having started his career in his native France with Brest II and Plabennec, Lamy has since played in England with Rotherham United, AFC Wimbledon and Grimsby Town.
Liu Dang (born 17 August 1989) is a Chinese rower. He competed in the 2020 Summer Olympics.
İhlas News Agency (Turkish: İhlas Haber Ajansı; IHA) is a Turkish news agency which was founded in 1993, and headquartered in Istanbul, Turkey. At its founding, it was Turkey's first private news agency, as well as the first to provide news through the medium of video. IHA has a large network in Turkey with 85 regional bureaus, according to company website. 
Callionymus caeruleonotatus, the Blue-spotted dragonet, is a species of dragonet endemic to the waters around the Hawaiian Islands where it occurs at depths of from 42 to 325 metres (138 to 1,066 ft).  This species grows to a length of 5.4 centimetres (2.1 in) SL.
A Retrospective is a compilation album by rapper KRS-One. It features many songs that were originally released under the Boogie Down Productions title, and some songs released under the KRS-One title. It is composed of previously released material.  The track "Essays on BDP-Ism" was the last track ever produced by Scott La Rock.
No tracks are included from Sex and Violence, the final Boogie Down Productions studio album.
Francis Humphrey Maurice FitzRoy Newdegate, 3rd Viscount Daventry (17 December 1921 – 15 February 2000), was a British peer who was High Sheriff of Warwickshire during 1970 and Lord Lieutenant of Warwickshire from 1990 to 1997.
The 2006 Bank of America 500 was the 31st stock car race of the 2006 NASCAR Nextel Cup Series and the fifth in the ten-race season-ending Chase for the Nextel Cup. It was held on October 14, 2006, before a crowd of 175,000 in Concord, North Carolina, at Lowe's Motor Speedway. The circuit is an intermediate that holds NASCAR races. The 334-lap race was won by Kasey Kahne of the Evernham Motorsports team, who started from second position. Jimmie Johnson finished second and Jeff Burton was third.
Although Scott Riggs won the pole position, he was immediately passed by teammate Kahne at the start of the race. Riggs regained first place twelve laps later, only to lose it to Tony Raines on the 19th lap. Riggs retook the lead on lap 31 and maintained it for the following 16 laps until he was passed by Dale Earnhardt Jr. who led for the next 31 laps. Kahne moved back into the first position on lap 96, with Raines reclaiming the lead on the 123rd lap. Kahne passed Raines to move back into the lead 15 laps later. Johnson moved into the lead on lap 168 and held the position for a total of 72 laps. At the race's final restart on lap 307, Johnson led until he was passed two laps later by Kahne who maintained it to win the race. There were ten cautions and 34 lead changes by thirteen different drivers.
The victory was Kahne's sixth of the season, and the seventh of his career since he debuted in 2004. After the race, Burton maintained his lead in the Drivers' Championship, which increased to 45 points over nearest rival Matt Kenseth. Kahne's victory moved him from ninth to eighth, while Jeff Gordon dropped to tenth because he failed to score enough points due to an engine failure in the race's closing laps. Chevrolet maintained its lead in the Manufacturers' Championship, 48 points in front of Dodge and 54 ahead of Ford with five races left in the season.
Diamond High School is a high school located in Diamond, Missouri and is part of the Diamond R-IV Schools.  The mascot is the Wildcat and its colors are black and gold.
Montfaucon (French pronunciation: ​[mɔ̃fokɔ̃]; Occitan: Montfalcon) is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Juan Ignacio Sirvent is a Spanish sailor. He competed in the Finn event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Out with the Tide is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Charles Hutchison and starring Dorothy Dwan, Cullen Landis and Crauford Kent.
The Roxx Regime Demos is the eleventh release and third compilation album by Stryper consisting of songs originally released under the band's previous name, Roxx Regime, except for the track "Honestly", which is taken from a later demo. While the album's general release was on July 10, 2007, pre-sale purchases at Stryper.com shipped on July 7, 2007, a reference to 777, a holy number in Christianity and one that used to appear onstage at Stryper concerts.
The Barbour Alabama Light Artillery Battery was an artillery battery from Alabama serving in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. 
Education in Papua New Guinea is managed through nineteen provinces and two district organisational units. It is tuition-free and attendance is not compulsory. With a literacy rate of 64.2%, Papua New Guinea has the lowest literacy rate in Oceania.
Chanched is a village in the Bhopal district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is located in the Huzur tehsil and the Phanda block.
"Dreamgirl" is a song by the Dave Matthews Band that appears on their 2005 studio album, Stand Up. The song, which was written by Dave Matthews and producer Mark Batson, was the second radio single released in support of the album. The music video for the song features Julia Roberts, a longtime fan of the band.
Tahula is a village in Saaremaa Parish, Saare County in western Estonia.Before the administrative reform in 2017, the village was in Lääne-Saare Parish.
Carl Kaufmann (25 March 1936 – 1 September 2008) was a West German sprint runner.
Kaufmann initially specialized in the 200 m, but in 1958 changed to 400 m and won a European silver medal in the 4×400 m relay. Between 15 September 1959 and 6 September 1960 he set four European records in 400 metres, reducing the time down to 44.9 s, which remained the record until the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.
He competed for the United Team of Germany at the 1960 Summer Olympics in the 400 metres and won the silver. The finish line picture of Kaufmann's desperate lunge to try to capture the gold has been shown in many track and field publications. Both Kaufmann and Davis set a new world-record time at 44.9 s and became the first athletes to run the 400 m with 45 seconds. Kaufmann then joined team mates Joachim Reske, Manfred Kinder and Johannes Kaiser in the 4×400 m relay, where they won the silver medal.After retiring from competitions Kaufmann was running an amateur theatre in Karlsruhe, where he died aged 72.
Pasiones (Passions) is the 14th album and 13th studio album by Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario. It was released on July 26, 1994. Two songs from the album, "Quiero Que Me Hagas el Amor" and "Gata Sin Luna", became a number one hit on the Billboard Latin Pop Airplay chart.
Yosep Anggi Noen (born 15 March 1983) is an Indonesian film director, producer, screenwriter, editor, and actor. With his 2019 film The Science of Fictions, Noen won the Maya Award for Best Director and earned a Citra Award for Best Director nomination.
Protein O-mannosyl-transferase 2 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the POMT2 gene.
Federico Otero is an industrial designer and interactive designer from Latin America
Ivan Ivanov (Bulgarian: Иван Иванов; born 10 June 1956) is a Bulgarian archer. He competed in the men's individual event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
"For You" is a song by the English rock band the Outfield. It was the lead single from their fourth studio album, Diamond Days (1990), released on MCA Records. The single was released in 1990. In the U.S., the song hit number 13 on the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart and number 21 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was the best-performing single from Diamond Days, as well as the group's last top 40 hit.
Actors Touring Company (ATC) is a touring theatre company based in London, founded in 1978 by Artistic Director John Retallack. Previous Artistic Directors have included Mark Brickman, Ceri Sherlock, Nick Philippou, Gordon Anderson, Bijan Sheibani, Ramin Gray and the current Artistic Director Matthew Xia (2018 - present).
Since 2007 the company has toured internationally and throughout the UK receiving  Olivier Award nominations for the productions of The Brothers Size with the Young Vic and Ivan and the Dogs with Soho Theatre. ATC won an Olivier Award for the production of Gone Too Far! with the Royal Court Theatre. In 2021, ATC’s commission ‘Family Tree’ by Mojisola Adebayo won the 25th Alfred Fagon Award, in a ceremony held at the National Theatre.
The company pursues a policy of internationalism — making theatre collaboratively with artists from abroad, as well as with the voices of the global nations with the UK.
A rocket (from Italian: rocchetto, lit. 'bobbin/spool') is a spacecraft, aircraft, vehicle or projectile that obtains thrust from a rocket engine. Rocket engine exhaust is formed entirely from propellant carried within the rocket. Rocket engines work by action and reaction and push rockets forward simply by expelling their exhaust in the opposite direction at high speed, and can therefore work in the vacuum of space.
In fact, rockets work more efficiently in the vacuum of space than in an atmosphere. Multistage rockets are capable of attaining escape velocity from Earth and therefore can achieve unlimited maximum altitude. Compared with airbreathing engines, rockets are lightweight and powerful and capable of generating large accelerations. To control their flight, rockets rely on momentum, airfoils, auxiliary reaction engines, gimballed thrust, momentum wheels, deflection of the exhaust stream, propellant flow, spin, or gravity.
Rockets for military and recreational uses date back to at least 13th-century China. Significant scientific, interplanetary and industrial use did not occur until the 20th century, when rocketry was the enabling technology for the Space Age, including setting foot on the Moon. Rockets are now used for fireworks, missiles and other weaponry, ejection seats, launch vehicles for artificial satellites, human spaceflight, and space exploration.
Chemical rockets are the most common type of high power rocket, typically creating a high speed exhaust by the combustion of fuel with an oxidizer. The stored propellant can be a simple pressurized gas or a single liquid fuel that disassociates in the presence of a catalyst (monopropellant), two liquids that spontaneously react on contact (hypergolic propellants), two liquids that must be ignited to react (like kerosene (RP1) and liquid oxygen, used in most liquid-propellant rockets), a solid combination of fuel with oxidizer (solid fuel), or solid fuel with liquid or gaseous oxidizer (hybrid propellant system). Chemical rockets store a large amount of energy in an easily released form, and can be very dangerous. However, careful design, testing, construction and use minimizes risks.
Guo Lei (born April 26, 1982 in Baoding, Hebei) is a male Chinese judoka who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Half middleweight (73–81 kg) event.
Yuxin Subdistrict (Chinese: 玉新街道; pinyin: yùxīn jiēdào) is a township-level division situated in Haojiang District, Shantou, Guangdong, China.
Jean-Sébastien Côté is a musician and sound designer based in the Ottawa area, Canada. Originally a percussionist and accompanist for modern dance, he became interested in composing in the early 1990s and began collaborating with various choreographers in Quebec City. Since 1999, he has been working with Canadian director Robert Lepage, designing the sound and / or composing the music for many of his plays like 887, Playing Cards, Needles and Opium, The Blue Dragon, The Andersen Project, The Far Side of the Moon and Zulu Time.He was also involved in Lepage's foray into other art forms: cinema (The far side of the moon), opera (1984) and dance (Eonnagata) and also composed music or did the sound design of various multimedia experiences and VR projects.
In 2017, he composed the music for Something about Wilderness, a choreography by Melanie Demers and Laïla Diallo for Swedish dance company Skånes Dansteater.He received a Gascon-Roux award in 2006 and an Elliot Norton Award in 2012  for his work on The Andersen Project, another Gascon-Roux in 2014 for Needles and Opium and a Toronto Theatre Critic Award for 887.He also released a record with musical partner François Therriault under the name crashride in 2015  to positive reviews.
Glyphidocera zothecuale is a moth in the family Autostichidae. It was described by Adamski in 2005. It is found in Costa Rica.
This article refers to the musician.  For the district attorney of Travis County, Texas, see Ronnie Earle.
Ronnie Earl (born Ronald Horvath, March 10, 1953, Queens, New York, United States) is an American blues guitarist and music instructor.
Goodenia lyrata is a species of flowering plant in the family Goodeniaceae and is endemic to inland areas of Western Australia. It is a prostrate herb with densely hairy, lyrate leaves at the base of the plant, smaller leaves on the stem and racemes of yellow flowers.
Ivan Andreyevich Bobylev (Russian: Иван Андреевич Бобылёв; born 7 March 1991) is a former Russian professional footballer.
De cierta manera (One Way or Another) is a 1974 Cuban romantic drama film. Directed by Sara Gómez, the film mixes documentary-style footage with a fictional story that looks at the poor neighborhoods of Havana shortly after the Cuban Revolution of 1959. The film illustrates the history before the background of the development process in Cuba. It demonstrates how tearing down slums and building modern settlements does not immediately change the culture of the inhabitants. Gómez completed filming with Mario Balmaseda and Yolanda Cuellar just before her death; technical work was finished by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea, Julio García-Espinosa y Rigoberto López before its posthumous release.
Mu'taridah is a remote mountain settlement in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates (UAE).
The Day of the Locust is a 1975 American drama film directed by John Schlesinger, and starring Donald Sutherland, Karen Black, William Atherton, Burgess Meredith, Richard Dysart, John Hillerman, and Geraldine Page. Set in Hollywood, California, just prior to World War II, the film depicts the alienation and desperation of a disparate group of individuals whose dreams of success have failed to come true. The screenplay by Waldo Salt is based on the 1939 novel of the same title by Nathanael West.
The film has garnered attention from scholars for its critical commentary on the film industry, as well as its nightmarish depiction of Hollywood, with some critics identifying implicit horror elements in the film's visuals.
D-Xhird (ディ・サード, Di・Sādo) is a 3D weapons-based fighting game developed by Nextech and published by Takara, the same companies that created the Battle Arena Toshinden series, which the game is inspired from. The endings for the characters teased a sequel, but it never happened.
Natalie Taylor is an American singer-songwriter. She is known for her emotionally-driven songs that have soundtracked many television shows, commercials, and viral videos.
Biren Mitra (26 November 1917 – 25 May 1978) was an Indian politician, a leader of the Indian National Congress and the Chief Minister of Odisha from 2 October 1963 to 21 February 1965.Biren Mitra started his student politics with AISF (Communist Party of India students wing). The Biren Mitra Park located at Sector-11 of CDA in Cuttack has been named in his honour.
Jurij Rodionov (born 16 May 1999) is an Austrian tennis player of Belarusian descent.Rodionov has a career high ATP singles ranking of World No. 131 achieved on 25 October 2021. He also has a career high doubles ranking of World No. 268 achieved on 15 July 2019. 
Rodionov has won three ATP Challenger singles titles.  The first came at the 2018 Almaty Challenger. His second title came when he won the 2020 RBC Tennis Championships of Dallas. His third title came at the 2020 Morelos Open. He won his maiden ATP Challenger doubles title at the Shymkent Challenger in 2019.
Nizhny Novgorod was founded by Prince Yuri II of Vladimir in 4 February 1221. Citizens organized an army to liberate Moscow from the Poles in 1611, led by Kuzma Minin and Prince Dmitry Pozharsky. During the Russian Empire, in 1817 Nizhny Novgorod became the country's main trading city. In 1896, the city hosted the largest All-Russia exhibition. In the Soviet era, Nizhny Novgorod was renamed Gorky, in honor of the writer Maxim Gorky. Then it was the industrial center of the Soviet Union. During the World War II, the city sent to the front a huge amount of military equipment and ammunition. Therefore,  the German air force bombed the city for 3 years. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the city was renamed back to Nizhny Novgorod. In Russia, the city became a political center and the capital of the Volga Federal District. Now the city is the center of information technology and develops tourism.
Ebisu Station (恵比寿駅, Ebisu-eki) is a railway station in the Ebisu neighborhood of Tokyo's Shibuya ward, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) and the Tokyo subway operator Tokyo Metro. The station is named after Yebisu Beer, which was once brewed in an adjacent brewery, and which is itself named for the Japanese deity Ebisu.
Radhika Tulpule (born 9 February 1982) is an Indian tennis player.Tulpule has a career high WTA singles ranking of 473 achieved on 17 September 2001. She also has a career high WTA doubles ranking of 438 achieved on 14 April 2003. Tulpule has won 6 ITF singles title and 6 ITF doubles titles.
Playing for India at the Fed Cup, Tulpule has a win–loss record of 1–0.
Ddareungi (Korean: 따릉이) is Seoul's bike sharing system, which was set up in 2015. It is also named Seoul Bike in English.
Ddareungi was first introduced in Seoul in October 2015 in select areas of the right bank of the Han River. After a few months, the number of stations reached 150 and 1500 bikes were made available. In 2016, the number of stations has increased steadily to cover new districts. As of July 2016, there were about 300 stations and 3000 bikes available, and Seoul mayor Park Won-soon has confirmed his intention to increase the number of bikes available to 20,000.
Midland Great Western Railway (MGWR) Classes 1,2,3,4,5 and 13 were 2-2-2 locomotives acquired over the period 1847-1862 serving the railway in its formative years.
Micaela Nevárez (born January 1, 1972 in Carolina, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican actress who has appeared in independent and European films. She made her film debut in the Spanish film Princesas which was directed by Fernando León de Aranoa, in which she played Zulema, an illegal immigrant from the Dominican Republic trying to make a living as a prostitute on the streets of Madrid, Spain. Her performance in this film earned her a Goya Award for Best New Actress in 2006, making her the first Puerto Rican actress to win this notable award.
Kenneth Jones (26 June 1944 – 27 December 2012) was an English footballer. The grandson of Aaron Jones, Jones played for several clubs in The Football League during his career, including Bradford Park Avenue, Southampton, and Cardiff City. He played primarily as a full-back.
"Lucid" (stylised in all caps) is a song by Japanese-British singer-songwriter Rina Sawayama, released on 25 November 2020 as the sixth overall and first single from the deluxe edition of her debut studio album Sawayama. Sawayama first teased a collaboration with BloodPop on 2 October 2020, Tweeting out "BloodPop X Rina Sawayama Coming Soon" alongside a Polaroid picture with the words "Lucid Mix" written on it.
Wilburn Steven "Bill" Rice (born April 19, 1939 in Datto, Arkansas) is an American country music singer and songwriter. Rice charted six singles between 1971 and 1978, including the Top 40 hit "Travelin' Minstrel Man", but is better known for his songwriting. Rice has written songs for artists such as Johnny Paycheck, Reba McEntire, Lynn Anderson, Charley Pride and Jerry Lee Lewis, and he has more awards from the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers than any other songwriter. Rice has also been nominated for two Grammy Awards.
MSV Normannia 08 is a German association football club from the city of Berlin. The club was established 1 October 1908 as Berliner Fußball-Club Normannia and adopted its current identity as Märkischer Sportverein Normannia 08 Berlin in 1988.
Galactose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase (or GALT, G1PUT) is an enzyme (EC 2.7.7.12) responsible for converting ingested galactose to glucose.Galactose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase (GALT) catalyzes the second step of the Leloir pathway of galactose metabolism, namely:
   glucose 1-phosphate + UDP-galactoseThe expression of GALT is controlled by the actions of the FOXO3 gene. The absence of this enzyme results in classic galactosemia in humans and can be fatal in the newborn period if lactose is not removed from the diet. The pathophysiology of galactosemia has not been clearly defined.
The Saint Paul Tsaramasoandro Philosophate is a school of philosophy in Antananarivo, Madagascar that has served Jesuit seminarians since 1957, and since 1999 has been open to a larger student population. It is run by the Society of Jesus.
This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 211 of the United States Reports:
A megaspore mother cell, or megasporocyte, is a diploid cell in plants in which meiosis will occur, resulting in the production of four haploid megaspores. At least one of the spores develop into haploid female gametophytes (megagametophytes). The megaspore mother cell arises within the megasporangium tissue.
In flowering plants the megasporangium  is also called the nucellus, and the female gametophyte is sometimes called the embryo sac.
Mita Michael Ririnui is a former New Zealand politician and a member of the Labour Party. He was a member of parliament from 1999 to 2011.
Groezrock is an annual music festival that takes place in Meerhout, Belgium. It started as a small rock and pop festival with one stage and a few hundred people attending, but has evolved into a large punk rock/hardcore punk festival, with attendances exceeding 30,000.
The festival had one stage until 2003, when it added a second stage called Back-to-Basics, which was reserved for more hardcore-oriented bands. Since 2006 the festival has taken place over multiple days, and grew to three stages in 2009 and four stages in 2012.
It was announced in October 2017 that the 2018 edition of Groezrock would not be taking place in the Spring, and would instead be an indoor festival in the autumn. The festival have stated that they will be "back in full force" with the usual format in 2019.
The Temper Trap are an Australian indie rock band formed in 2005 by Dougy Mandagi, Jonathon Aherne, and Toby Dundas. In 2008, the group relocated from Melbourne to London. The band released their debut album Conditions in June 2009 to favourable reviews and commercial success; it peaked at No. 9 on the ARIA Albums Chart and into the top 30 on the UK Albums Chart. Its lead single, "Sweet Disposition", peaked in the top 10 on the Belgian, Irish and UK Singles Charts and reached No. 14 on the ARIA Singles Chart. At the ARIA Music Awards of 2010 in November, The Temper Trap won Best Group and Most Popular Australian Single for "Sweet Disposition". Their eponymous second album was released in late May/early June 2012 under Liberation Music (AUS), Infectious Records (UK) and Glassnote Records (US). The album won the band Best Rock Album, and they also won Best Group at the 2012 ARIA Awards. In October 2013 guitarist Lorenzo Sillitto left the band, during the recording of the third album.
Irene Catherine Pirie-Milton (June 10, 1914 – December 1998), née Irene Catherine Pirie, was a Canadian champion swimmer who competed internationally in freestyle events.
At the 1930 British Empire Games in Hamilton, Ontario, she was a member of the Canadian team which won the silver medal in the 4×100-yard freestyle relay event.  At the 1934 British Empire Games in London, she won a gold medal with the Canadian team in the 4×100-yard relay competition.  She also won a silver medal in the 100-yard freestyle and a bronze medal in the 440 yard freestyle.At the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, she was a member of the Canadian team which finished fourth in the women's 4×100-metre freestyle relay.  She also participated in the 100-metre freestyle and 400-metre freestyle, but in both she was eliminated in the first round.  Four years later at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany, she was on the Canadian team that finished fourth in the 4×100 metre freestyle relay.  Individually, she competed in the first round of the 100-metre freestyle event, but did not advance.Pirie was a sister of Canadian swimmer Bob Pirie, the wife of British swimmer and water polo player Frederick Milton, and the mother of British swimmer Hamilton Milton.  She was inducted into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame in 1975.  In Ontario, the Irene Pirie Trophy is awarded by Swim Ontario to the female swimmer of the year selected by the Ontario Swimming Coaches Association; the male swimmer of the year is awarded the Bob Pirie Trophy.
Edward Morgan Rowell (October 13, 1931 Oakland, California), a 38-year veteran of the US Foreign Service, was Ambassador to Bolivia, Luxembourg, and Portugal, and Deputy Principal Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs.
A native of central California, his bachelor's degree is from Yale University, while he did graduate work in history at Stanford University and completed the Sloan Executive Program at Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Yvon Jaspers (Dutch pronunciation: [iˈvɔˈɲɑspərs]; born 20 March 1973) is a Dutch television presenter and actress. She is known as presenter of Boer zoekt Vrouw, the Dutch version of Farmer Wants a Wife, and as presenter of Het Klokhuis.As actress she is known for her role as Robin Theysse in the television series Rozengeur & Wodka Lime.She was also the mole in the  2005 edition of the television show Wie is de Mol? Marc-Marie Huijbregts won that edition of the show by correctly identifying her as the mole.
Sonja Lund (born March 29, 1942) is a Swedish actress and dancer. She is the mother of actress Regina Lund.
Viktor Ustinov (born 20 July 1974) is a retired Uzbekistani hammer thrower.
He won the bronze medal at the 2002 Asian Championships, finished fourth at the 2002 Asian Games, finished fifth at the 2003 Asian Championships and competed at the 2000 Olympic Games without reaching the final.His personal best throw was 75.86 metres, achieved in September 2004 in Tashkent.
The Romances de los señores de Nueva España (Spanish for "Ballads of the Lords of New Spain") is a 16th-century compilation of Nahuatl songs or poems preserved in the Benson Latin American Collection at the University of Texas. The manuscript also includes a Spanish-language text, the Geographical Relation of Tezcoco, written in 1582 by Juan Bautista Pomar, who probably also compiled the Romances.
Most of the songs come from Texcoco, with several attributed specifically to the ruler Nezahualcoyotl. Several of songs are also found with variations in the Cantares Mexicanos.
The Nahuatl text and a Spanish translation of the Romances, as well as the Geographical Relation, was published in 1964 by Ángel María Garibay K. as volume 1 of Poesía nahuatl.
John Bierhorst produced the first full English prose translation of the Romances along with a paleographic transcription of the Nahuatl text, published in 2010 by the University of Texas Press and now available as an e-text. David Bowles crafted English verse version of select songs from the Romances in his Flower, Song, Dance: Aztec and Mayan Poetry, released in 2013 by Lamar University Press.
Haviv Ohayon (Hebrew: חביב אוחיון; born 17 August 1998) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Hadera on loan from Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Shiva Vashishat (born November 10, 1989) is an American cricketer who made his debut for the U. S. national side in July 2015. A right-handed all-rounder bowling leg spin, he earlier captained the U.S. under-19 side at the 2010 Under-19 World Cup.Born in Jalandhar, Punjab, Vashishat emigrated to the United States with his family at the age of 10, and was raised in San Jose, California, where he attended Del Mar High School. His early cricket was played in the San Francisco Bay Area, though he has since played for teams in several California-based leagues. Vashishat debuted for the U.S. under-19 team in July 2009, at the 2009 Americas Under-19 Championship in Canada, and was captain for that tournament as well as the 2009 World Cup Qualifier and the 2010 World Cup in New Zealand. At the World Cup in New Zealand, where matches had under-19 One Day International (ODI) status, he played in all six games for the U.S. but had little success with either bat or ball. During his time at UC Davis, where he graduated with a degree in economics, Vashishat played little high-level cricket, but in 2015 he was selected in the U.S. squad for the 2015 World Twenty20 Qualifier in Ireland and Scotland. He went on to make his Twenty20 debut in the opening match of the tournament against Nepal.In November 2019, he married Shana Sandhar. In June 2021, he was selected to take part in the Minor League Cricket tournament in the United States following the players' draft.
Maraea Morete (24 July 1844–8 October 1907) was a New Zealand tribal leader and writer. She is the daughter of William and Puihi Morris. Of Māori descent, she identified with the Ngati Porou and Te Aitanga-a-Mahaki iwi. She was born in Hawke's Bay, New Zealand, either at Whakaari, near Tongoio, or at Waikokopu, near Mahia, on 24 July 1844. She died on 8 October 1907 after suffering severe injuries caused by burns from a fire.
The anterior nasal spine, or anterior nasal spine of maxilla, is a bony projection in the skull that serves as a cephalometric landmark. The anterior nasal spine is the projection formed by the fusion of the two maxillary bones at the intermaxillary suture. It is placed at the level of the nostrils, at the uppermost part of the philtrum and rarely fractures.
Yasiin Bey (; born Dante Terrell Smith, December 11, 1973), previously known by his stage name Mos Def (), is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and actor. Bey began his hip hop career in 1994, alongside his siblings in the short-lived rap group Urban Thermo Dynamics (UTD), after which they appeared on albums by Da Bush Babees and De La Soul. He subsequently formed the duo Black Star, alongside fellow Brooklyn-based rapper Talib Kweli, and in 1998 they released their eponymous debut album, featuring the singles "Definition" and "Respiration". He was featured on the roster of Rawkus Records and in 1999 released his solo debut, Black on Both Sides. His debut was followed by The New Danger (2004), True Magic (2006), and The Ecstatic (2009). The editors of About.com listed him as the 14th greatest rapper on their "50 Greatest Rappers of All Time" list. Some of his top hits include "Oh No", "Ms. Fat Booty" and "Mathematics".Prior to his career in music, Mos Def entered public life as a child actor with roles in television films, sitcoms, and theater. Since the early 2000s, he has appeared in the films Something the Lord Made, Next Day Air, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, 16 Blocks, Be Kind Rewind, The Italian Job, The Woodsman, Bamboozled, and Brown Sugar and in television series such as Dexter and House. He is also known as the host of Def Poetry Jam, which aired on HBO between 2002 and 2007.
Mos Def has been vocal on several social and political causes, including police brutality, the idea of American exceptionalism and the status of African Americans.
Children of Fire International is a charity based in Johannesburg, South Africa, that assists badly burned children with reconstructive surgery and other post-trauma rehabilitation. The organization also promotes legislation and legal assistance for children who are disabled through burn injuries.In 1997, Children of Fire began as a charitable trust to assist Dorah Mokoena, a South African child who was badly burned and turned away from several hospitals. After an appeal was published in The Times of London, the Dorah Mokoena Trust was formed in London to accept donations and the Children of Fire in South Africa to handle Dorah's rehabilitation. This evolved into Children of Fire International which also assists other children injured by fire globally.Among many others, Paralympic Gold Medal winner Samkelo Radebe received assistance for surgery and rehabilitation through this group.
The Grand Heist (Korean: 바람과 함께 사라지다; RR: Baramgwa Hamkke Sarajida; lit. "Gone With the Wind") is a 2012 South Korean historical comedy film about a gang of 11 thieves who try to steal ice blocks from the royal storage, Seobingo, during the last years of the Joseon era. It was released on August 8, 2012.
The Disney Ambassador Hotel was the first Disney-branded hotel built at Tokyo Disney Resort in Urayasu, Chiba, Japan. It opened on July 20, 2000, and was constructed under a license by The Walt Disney Company. The hotel is managed by The Oriental Land Company.
Isaiah "Ike" Thompson (November 8, 1915 – June 25, 1995) was a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, serving the 14th district (portions of Glenville, Euclid, Bratenahl, and East Cleveland) from 1971–1990. Thompson graduated from Central High School and attended Cleveland State University. Thompson served as a vice-chairman of the Cuyahoga County Democratic Party. Thompson was a member of the Knights of Columbus and a member of St. Aloysious Roman Catholic Church. With his wife Lodeamer, he had one daughter, Arwilda Storey.
Adams is a town in Green County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 464 at the 2000 Census. Willet, now a ghost town, was located in Adams.
Henry the Hexapus was a six-limbed lesser octopus found by British marine scientists in 2008. The name alludes to King Henry VIII, who had six wives. While the name Hexapus is descriptive, Henry the Hexapus should not be confused with Hexapus, the recognized genus of crabs.
The octopus was found off the coast of North Wales in a lobster pot, and was held in captivity at the Blackpool Sea Life Centre in North West England. His unusual number of arms was not immediately noticed, and appears to have resulted from a natal anomaly, rather than a physical accident. Developmental biologist PZ Myers called the defect "an ordinary sort of error." After being taken from the sea, Henry was transferred to the Anglesey Sea Zoo, which, in turn, donated him to the Blackpool Centre, where he was featured in an exhibition entitled "Suckers". An aquarium spokeswoman stated that "He's a lovely little thing."Many other octopus arm anomalies have been recorded in the past.  American tourists visiting Portugal also claimed to have captured images of a six-limbed octopus in the waters of Portinho Arrábida, although experts could not confirm the sighting without additional information. Another family of American tourists did capture a hexapus in Greece in 2013, as verified by photographs, but cooked and ate it.
Sant'Ambrogio di Torino (Piedmontese: Sant Ambreus) is a comune (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 25 km west of Turin in the Susa Valley.
Sant'Ambrogio di Torino borders the municipalities of Caprie, Villar Dora, Chiusa di San Michele, Avigliana and Valgioie. The ancient thousand-year abbey of the Sacra di San Michele, founded in the years between 983 and 987, is located within the municipality at the top of Mount Pirchiriano. The town's sights include several medieval towers, the 13th-century castle and walls, a Romanesque bell tower from the 12th century, and remains of the 11th-century church of San Pietro.
Carum foetidum is a species of flowering plant in the family Apiaceae. It is found in Algeria and Spain. Its natural habitats are rivers and saline marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
The Nest (Spanish: El Nido) is a 1980 Spanish drama film written and directed by Jaime de Armiñán, starring Héctor Alterio and Ana Torrent. The plot follows the emotionally intense relationship between an old widower and a precocious thirteen-year-old girl. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards.
The Autobiography is the debut studio album by American rapper Vic Mensa. The album was released on July 28, 2017, by Roc Nation and Capitol Records. The album features guest appearances from Weezer, Syd, The-Dream, Chief Keef, Joey Purp, Pharrell Williams, Saul Williams, Ty Dolla Sign and Pusha T. The album was released for streaming, a week early from its release date via NPR.
Admiral Sardarilal Mathradas 'Charles' Nanda, PVSM, AVSM (10 October 1915 – 11 May 2009) was an Indian Navy Admiral who served as the 7th Chief of the Naval Staff from 1 March 1970 until 28 February 1973. He led the Indian Navy during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 and successfully executed a naval blockade of both West and East Pakistan, helping India achieve an overwhelming victory during the war. For his important role played in the war, Government of India awarded him with Padma Vibhushan, India's second highest civilian award. He is one of the most notable commanders in the history of the Indian Navy.
Born in Manora, Karachi, Nanda joined the Royal Indian Naval Volunteer Reserve in 1941. During World War II, he served onboard HMIS Travancore and as an instructor at the signals school in HMIS Talwar. After the war, he served on board HMIS Narbada (U40) which was based out of Japan as part of the British occupation forces. He subsequently served as the communication officer of HMIS Cauvery (U10).
Following the Independence of India, he was appointed executive officer of Cauvery, and in 1948, was appointed first lieutenant of the flagship HMIS Delhi (C74). In 1949, he was appointed director of personnel services at NHQ and in 1950 took command of the R class destroyer, INS Ranjit (1949), which represented India at the coronation review of the fleet. Nanda subsequently commanded the Black Swan-class sloop INS Jamuna (U21) and the 16th frigate squadron. In 1954, he was appointed Chief of Personnel and constituted commodore 2nd class in September 1956. Appointed the commissioning commanding officer of the new flagship of the Navy, the Crown Colony-class cruiser INS Mysore (C60), he commissioned the ship in August 1957 at Birkenhead. In 1958, he took over as the Director General Naval Dockyard Expansion Scheme. After attending the Imperial Defence College in 1962, he returned to India and was appointed Chief of Materiel at NHQ.
Promoted to flag rank in May 1962, Nanda was appointed the Deputy Chief of the Naval Staff. As DCNS, he played an important role in the development of Goa as a naval base. In 1964, he took over as the managing director of Mazagon Dock Limited. 
In 1966, he was appointed Flag Officer Commanding Indian Fleet and then Flag Officer Bombay in 1968. The Bombay command was upgraded and Nanda took over as the first Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief Western Naval Command in the rank of vice admiral. On 1 March 1970, he took command as the seventh Chief of the Naval Staff. Under his command, the Navy attacked Karachi with missile boats and bombarded ports in East Pakistan with aircraft of INS Vikrant (R11), apart from successfully enforcing naval blockades on two fronts. He was awarded the Padma Vibhushan, the second highest civilian award, and awards for distinguished service - the Param Vishisht Seva Medal and the Ati Vishisht Seva Medal.
Peter Sheaf Hersey Newell (March 5, 1862 – January 15, 1924) was an American artist and writer. He created picture books and illustrated new editions of many children's books.
A native of McDonough County, Illinois, Newell built a reputation in the 1880s and 1890s for his humorous drawings and poems, which appeared in Harper's Weekly, Harper's Bazaar, Scribner's Magazine, The Saturday Evening Post, Judge, and other publications. He later wrote and illustrated several popular children's books, such as Topsys and Turvys (1893), a collection of poems and images which could be viewed upside-down or right-side-up; The Hole Book (1908), which had a literal hole at the center of each page to indicate the path of a bullet; and The Slant Book (1910), which took the shape of a rhomboid and told the story of a baby carriage careening down a hill.Newell often illustrated the works of other authors, such as Mark Twain, Stephen Crane, John Kendrick Bangs, and Lewis Carroll. He also created a comic strip serial, The Naps of Polly Sleepyhead, which debuted in the New York Herald in 1905. He died in Little Neck, New York in 1924.Newell's great granddaughter, Laura Lydecker, was also an artist and children's book illustrator. Lydecker illustrated editions of Wind in the Willows and The Country Mouse and the City Mouse. 
World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor is the fifth expansion set to the massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) World of Warcraft, following Mists of Pandaria. It was announced on November 8, 2013 at BlizzCon 2013. The expansion was released on November 13, 2014.The expansion raised the existing level cap from 90 to 100 and introduced player-built, upgradeable garrisons. Most of the player models were updated to have more detailed textures, animations and facial expressions, thus increasing the system requirements of the game.
Chaunac (French pronunciation: ​[ʃonak]) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Combellack is the name of a mine near Redruth, Cornwall. When it closed in June 1884 it employed eighteen men underground, six surface men and ten stamps children. Messrs Harvey and Co of Hayle had a claim against the mine for £726.Combellack is also a surname, meaning the fenced or walled valley.Notable people with the surname include:
Tworzymirki Górne [tfɔʐɨˈmirki ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Csoma Alpar (born 22 March 1984), is a Romanian futsal player who plays for City'us and the Romanian national futsal team.
Alternation of generations (also known as metagenesis or heterogenesis) is the type of life cycle that occurs in those plants and algae in the Archaeplastida and the Heterokontophyta that have distinct haploid sexual and diploid asexual stages.  In these groups, a multicellular haploid gametophyte with n chromosomes alternates with a multicellular diploid sporophyte with 2n chromosomes, made up of n pairs. A mature sporophyte produces haploid spores by meiosis, a process which reduces the number of chromosomes to half, from 2n to n.
The haploid spores germinate and grow into a haploid gametophyte. At maturity, the gametophyte produces gametes by mitosis, which does not alter the number of chromosomes. Two gametes (originating from different organisms of the same species or from the same organism) fuse to produce a diploid zygote, which develops into a diploid sporophyte.  This cycle, from gametophyte to sporophyte (or equally from sporophyte to gametophyte), is the way in which all land plants and many algae undergo sexual reproduction.
The relationship between the sporophyte and gametophyte varies among different groups of plants. In those algae which have alternation of generations, the sporophyte and gametophyte are separate independent organisms, which may or may not have a similar appearance. In liverworts, mosses and hornworts, the sporophyte is less well developed than the gametophyte and is largely dependent on it. Although moss and hornwort sporophytes can photosynthesise, they require additional photosynthate from the gametophyte to sustain growth and spore development and depend on it for supply of water, mineral nutrients and nitrogen. By contrast, in all modern vascular plants the gametophyte is less well developed than the sporophyte, although their Devonian ancestors had gametophytes and sporophytes of approximately equivalent complexity. In ferns the gametophyte is a small flattened autotrophic prothallus on which the young sporophyte is briefly dependent for its nutrition. In flowering plants, the reduction of the gametophyte is much more extreme; it consists of just a few cells which grow entirely inside the sporophyte.
Animals develop differently. They directly produce haploid gametes. No haploid spores capable of dividing are produced, so generally there is no multicellular haploid phase. (Some insects have a sex-determining system whereby haploid males are produced from unfertilized eggs; however females produced from fertilized eggs are diploid.)
Life cycles of plants and algae with alternating haploid and diploid multicellular stages are referred to as diplohaplontic (the equivalent terms haplodiplontic, diplobiontic and dibiontic are also in use, as is describing such an organism as having a diphasic ontogeny). Life cycles, such as those of animals, in which there is only a diploid multicellular stage are referred to as diplontic. Life cycles in which there is only a haploid multicellular stage are referred to as haplontic.
Serincia lineata is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae. It was described by Reich in 1933. It is found in Brazil.
Gianfranco Pandolfini (16 September 1920 – January 3, 1997) was an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Pandolfini was part of the Italian team which won the gold medal. He played five matches.
His older brother Tullio was also a member of the team and played two matches.
The Sunrise Izumo (サンライズ出雲, Sanraizu Izumo) is an overnight sleeping car train service in Japan operated jointly by Central Japan Railway Company (JR Central) and West Japan Railway Company (JR West) since July 1998.
Valle San Giovanni is a small village in the province of Teramo, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy. It is a frazione of the town of Teramo.
The Chiles Academy is a public charter school located in 
Daytona Beach, Florida, United States. It is part of the Volusia County Schools district.
The school was originally built in 1926 as the Cypress Street Elementary School. Initially, the school consisted of a two-story block and stucco building with two brick wings. The school's name was changed in 1954 to Bonner Elementary School to honor its first and longest-serving principal, Evelyn Bonner, who headed the school from 1927 to 1959. Before her tenure at Cypress Street Elementary, Ms. Bonner taught at Campbell Elementary for 16 years. Following her retirement, Ms. Bonner continued to visit the school almost daily until her death in 1977 at the age of 85. Bonner Elementary School was one of several Volusia County schools closed in 2008. The building currently houses Chiles Academy, a charter high school for teen parents and their children.
On December 2, 1996, the school was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The property is part of the Daytona Beach Multiple Property Submission, a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.
Prince Vusumuzi Mkhatshwa (born 26 August 1979) is a South African politician serving as Mpumalanga's Member of the Executive Council (MEC) for Finance, Economic Development and Tourism since 2021. A member of the African National Congress, he previously served as the deputy speaker of the Mpumalanga Provincial Legislature from 2019 to 2021.
Bernay-Neuvy-en-Champagne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France. It was established on 1 January 2019 by merger of the former communes of Neuvy-en-Champagne (the seat) and Bernay-en-Champagne.
Mikawa Takahama Station (三河高浜駅, Mikawa Takahama-eki) is a train station in the city of Takahama, Aichi Prefecture, Japan, operated by Meitetsu.
Musashi (武蔵町, Musashi-machi) was a town located in Higashikunisaki District, Ōita Prefecture, Japan. As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 5,958 and the density of 142.40 persons per km². The total area was 41.84 km². On March 31, 2006, Musashi, along with the towns of Kunisaki (former), Aki and Kunimi (all from Higashikunisaki District), was merged to create the city of Kunisaki.
Briis-sous-Forges (French pronunciation: [bʁi su fɔʁʒ] (listen), literally Briis under Forges) is a commune in the Essonne department and Île-de-France region of north-central France.
The inhabitants of Briis-sous-Forges are known in French as les Briissois.
Guy Lafarge (Périgueux, 5 May 1904 - Paris, 17 December 1990) was a French composer of operettas and popular songs.
Edward J. Hughes (July 26, 1888 – June 28, 1944) was an American politician.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Hughes studied law and then switched to engineering. Hughes served in the Illinois State Senate from 1914 to 1930 as a Democrat. In 1932, Hughes was elected Illinois Secretary of State and served until his death. Hughes died of a heart attack on June 28, 1944, while staying at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York City.
The Jetour X90 is a 5 to 7 seater mid-size crossover produced by Jetour, a brand launched in 2018 by Chery under the Jetour brand (division of Chery Commercial Vehicle).
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the Republic of Estonia.
Reza Hassanzadeh (born 1964 in Tehran, Iran) is a retired Iranian football player who played for Esteghlal Tehran for most of his career. He played defender in Esteghlal Tehran and Team Melli for almost a decade in 90's. During his professional career he scored 2 important goals. one of them was against Liaoning FC in 1990–91 Asian Club Championship Final. Reza scored Tehran giants first goal which later Samad Marfavi scored second goal and helped Esteghlal FC to win Asian title for second time.
Reza also scored Team Melli's first goal against Japan in Asia (AFC).
Unorganized East Timiskaming District is an unorganized area in the Canadian province of Ontario, comprising the unincorporated portions of the Timiskaming District lying east of the municipal boundaries of Kirkland Lake and north of the municipal boundaries of Gauthier, Larder Lake and McGarry. 
The division does not encompass any named communities, comprising only a small number of residential and recreational properties in the geographic townships of Arnold, Katrine and Ossian. 
The division encompasses 248.84 square kilometres, and had no population in the Canada 2011 Census.
The 2006 World Rowing Championships were World Rowing Championships that were held from 20 to 27 August 2006 at Dorney Lake, Eton, Great Britain.
III Steps Forward is a 2002 album by the band Download. It is a collection of new material, as well as outtakes from their albums III and Effector.
The Mars 2 was an uncrewed space probe of the Mars program, a series of uncrewed Mars landers and orbiters launched by the Soviet Union beginning 19 May 1971. The Mars 2 and Mars 3 missions consisted of identical spacecraft, each with an orbiter and an attached lander. The orbiter is identical to the Venera 9 bus. The type of bus/orbiter is the 4MV. They were launched by a Proton-K heavy launch vehicle with a Blok D upper stage. The lander of Mars 2 became the first human-made object to reach the surface of Mars, although the landing system failed and the lander was lost.
Max Hunter Harrison (December 24, 1893 – 1986) was the Principal of the United Theological College (Bangalore), the only autonomous College under the nation's first University, the Senate of Serampore College (University).
Babbacombe Model Village is a miniature village and railway located in Babbacombe in Torquay, Devon.
The model village was opened in 1963 by Tom & Ruth Dobbins, who had previously opened another model village at Southport in 1957.
Mother Mary Clare Millea was the superior general of the Catholic Apostles of the Sacred Heart of Jesus (from 2004 to 2016).Biography
Mary Clare Millea, a native of Connecticut, entered the Apostles of the Sacred Heart of Jesus in 1965. In 2009 she became the apostolic visitor for the Vatican to investigate American nuns.Education:
M.S.Ed. and a cert. of advanced graduate study in School Psychology, Duquesne University (Pittsburgh, PA)
Member of the General Council of Apostles of the Sacred Heart of Jesus in Rome, Italy for 18 years
Elected Superior General of the Apostles of the Sacred Heart in 2004
Observer for the XII Assembly of the Synod of Bishops on the Word of God in 2008Languages:
University of Pennsylvania v. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 493 U.S. 182 (1990), is a US labor law case of the US Supreme Court holding neither common law evidentiary privilege, nor First Amendment academic freedom protects peer review materials that are relevant to charges of racial or sexual discrimination in tenure decisions.
Nikolai Ilyich Usenko (Russia: Николай Ильич Усенко; 22 December 1924 – 21 March 1996) was a Red Army man and Hero of the Soviet Union. Usenko was awarded the title on 10 January 1944 for his actions during the Battle of the Dnieper in October 1943. During the battle, Usenko, a telephonist, was reported to have repaired numerous breaks in the line, often under German fire. He was also reported to have killed 25 German soldiers. Later he was seriously wounded and blinded by a German shell and medically retired from the Red Army. He subsequently returned to his home in Krasnoyarsk Krai and worked in the logging industry.
John Sears Casey (born December 31, 1930) is a former American politician who served as a member of the  Alabama House of Representatives from 1959 to 1967, representing Cleburne County, Alabama.
The Cal Poly Mustangs are the football team representing California Polytechnic State University located in San Luis Obispo, California. The team plays its home games in Alex G. Spanos Stadium. The current head coach is Beau Baldwin, who began his tenure in 2020.
Rehimena leptophaes is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Alfred Jefferis Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland, New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory.
Shelby Grant (born Brenda Thompson; October 19, 1936 – June 25, 2011) was an American actress whose credits included Our Man Flint, Fantastic Voyage, and Medical Center.
Yoon Hyun-min (born April 15, 1985) is a South Korean actor and retired professional baseball player.
Ascension Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in Donaldsonville, Louisiana, United States.
Aras (Persian: ارس, also Romanized as Ars) is a village in Qezel Uzan Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 18 families.
Amputees in Limbo is the second studio album by Zoogz Rift, released in 1982 by Snout.
Corybas hatchii is a species of terrestrial orchid endemic to New Zealand. It has a solitary rounded leaf, often flecked with maroon, and a single pale green and maroon flower.
rm (short for remove) is a basic command on Unix and Unix-like operating systems used to remove objects such as computer files, directories and symbolic links from file systems and also special files such as device nodes, pipes and sockets, similar to the del command in MS-DOS, OS/2, and Microsoft Windows. The command is also available in the EFI shell.
Zam (Zām) is the Avestan language term for the Zoroastrian concept of "earth", in both the sense of land and soil and in the sense of the world. The earth is prototyped as a primordial element in Zoroastrian tradition, and represented by a minor divinity Zam who is the hypostasis of the "earth". The word itself, changed to 'Zamin' in Modern Persian, is cognate to the Baltic 'Zemes', Slavic 'Zem', Greco-Thracian Semele, meaning the planet earth as well as soil.
The element zam exists with the same meaning in Middle Persian, which is the language of the texts of Zoroastrian tradition. The divinity Zam, however, appears in the later language as Zamyad, which is a contraction of "Zam Yazad", i.e. the yazata Zam.
Zam of the earth is not related to the Zam of the Shahnameh. That Zam—Zahhak-e-Maar-Doosh (Aži Dahāka in Avestan, Azhdshak in Middle Persian)—is the king of dragons that slew Jamshid.
The Twenty-fifth Amendment (Amendment XXV) to the United States Constitution deals with presidential succession and disability.
It clarifies that the vice president becomes president if the president dies, resigns, or is removed from office, and establishes how a vacancy in the office of the vice president can be filled.
It also provides for the temporary transfer of the president's powers and duties to the vice president, either on the initiative of the president alone or on the initiative of the vice president together with a majority of the president's cabinet. In either case, the vice president becomes acting president until the presidential powers and duties are returned to the president.
The amendment was submitted to the states on July 6, 1965, by the 89th Congress and was adopted on February 10, 1967, the day that the requisite number of states (38) had ratified it.
The Monsey Church is the colloquial name of a historic Reformed Christian church in the hamlet of Monsey, town of Ramapo, in southern Rockland County, New York, the official name of which, since December 6, 2000, is New Hope Christian Church. The church was founded in 1824 as the True Reformed Dutch Church of West New Hempstead and later became known as the Monsey Christian Reformed Church. The church owns a historic cemetery adjacent to the site of its first meeting house and briefly operated a private Christian school in the 1950s and '60s. Today the church is a member congregation of the Presbyterian Church in America (PCA). It is the only remaining church that was once part of the True Reformed Dutch Church.
Nimboran (Nambrong) is a Papuan language of Nimboran District, Jayapura Regency, Indonesia spoken by mostly older adults. Younger generations have shifted to Papuan Malay. It is spoken in about 26 villages to the west of Lake Sentani.
Ron S. Geffner is an American attorney and former U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission enforcement lawyer. Geffner is a founding partner of Sadis & Goldberg, where he heads Financial Services Group providing legal counsel to over 800 funds including domestic and international financial institutions, family offices, hedge funds, venture capital and private equity funds. Geffner was previously in-house counsel to the Investment Management Industry Services Group of PricewaterhouseCoopers.As a legal expert in the securities industry, Geffner regularly appears on television, radio, and various other media outlets. He has been a regular guest on Bloomberg, C-Span, Fox News, CBS Morning Show, Squawk Box, Power Lunch and Closing Bell on CNBC, BBC and CNN. Geffner is regularly quoted in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg News, Barron’s, Reuters, Dow Jones, Financial Times, Newsday, TheStreet.com, Private Equity Week and other national and international publications.
Acropentias aureus is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1878. It is found in Japan, China (Heilongjiang, Zhejiang, Fujian, Hainan, Guangxi, Yunnan), Taiwan and the Russian Far East.
Paraburkholderia sabiae is a Gram-negative, catalase- and oxidase-positive non-spore-forming bacterium of the genus Paraburkholderia and the family Burkholderiaceae, which was isolated from the nitrogen-fixing nodules on the roots of Mimosa caesalpiniaefolia in Brazil.
John F. "Cinders" O'Brien AKA: Darby O'Brien (April 15, 1867 – March 11, 1892) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from 1888 to 1891. He played with the Cleveland Infants, Cleveland Spiders, and Boston Reds. He had a 3.68 ERA at the end of his career.O'Brien died in his hometown of Troy, New York at the age of 24 of pneumonia.  He is interred at St. Patrick Cemetery in Watervliet, New York.
Charles Hopper Gibson (January 19, 1842 – March 31, 1900) was a U. S. Senator from Maryland, serving from 1891–1897.  He also served as a U.S. Congressman from 1885–1891.
Gibson was born near Centreville, Maryland, and attended the Centreville Academy and the Archer School in Harford County. He graduated from Washington College in Chestertown, Maryland, engaged in the study law, and was admitted to the bar in 1864, commencing practice in Easton, Maryland.
President Andrew Johnson appointed Gibson as collector of internal revenue for the Maryland Eastern Shore district in 1867, but Gibson was not confirmed. He became auditor and commissioner in chancery in 1869 and resigned in 1870 to accept the appointment of State’s attorney for Talbot County, Maryland, serving from 1871 until 1875.
Gibson was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-ninth, Fiftieth, and Fifty-first Congresses from Maryland's 1st congressional district, serving from March 4, 1885 until March 3, 1891, but was not a candidate for reelection in 1890. He was appointed and subsequently elected as a Democrat to the United States Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Ephraim King Wilson II, and served in that position from November 19, 1891 until March 3, 1897.  As senator, Gibson served as chairman of the Committee on Manufactures (Fifty-third Congress).
After his service as U.S. senator, Gibson resumed the practice of law, and later died in Washington, D.C. in 1900. He is interred in Chesterfield Cemetery in his home town of Centreville.
Nigeria ( ), officially the Federal Republic of Nigeria, is a country in West Africa. It is the most populous country in Africa; geographically situated between the Sahel to the north, and the Gulf of Guinea to the south in the Atlantic Ocean; covering an area of 923,769 square kilometres (356,669 sq mi), with a population of over 211 million. Nigeria borders Niger in the north, Chad in the northeast, Cameroon in the east, and Benin in the west. Nigeria is a federal republic comprising 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory, where the capital, Abuja, is located. The largest city in Nigeria is Lagos, one of the largest metropolitan areas in the world and the second-largest in Africa. 
Nigeria has been home to several indigenous pre-colonial states and kingdoms since the second millennium BC, with the Nok civilization in the 15th century BC marking the first internal unification in the country. The modern state originated with British colonialization in the 19th century, taking its present territorial shape with the merging of the Southern Nigeria Protectorate and Northern Nigeria Protectorate in 1914 by Lord Lugard. The British set up administrative and legal structures while practising indirect rule through traditional chiefdoms in the Nigeria region. Nigeria became a formally independent federation on October 1, 1960. It experienced a civil war from 1967 to 1970, followed by a succession of democratically elected civilian governments and military dictatorships, until achieving a stable democracy in the 1999 presidential election; the 2015 election was the first time an incumbent president had lost re-election.Nigeria is a multinational state inhabited by more than 250 ethnic groups speaking 500 distinct languages, all identifying with a wide variety of cultures. The three largest ethnic groups are the Hausa in the north, Yoruba in the west, and Igbo in the east, together comprising over 60% of the total population. The official language is English, chosen to facilitate linguistic unity at the national level. Nigeria's constitution ensures freedom of religion and it is home to some of the world's largest Muslim and Christian populations, simultaneously. Nigeria is divided roughly in half between Muslims, who live mostly in the north, and Christians, who live mostly in the south; indigenous religions, such as those native to the Igbo and Yoruba ethnicities, are in the minority.Nigeria is a regional power in Africa, a middle power in international affairs, and is an emerging global power. Nigeria's economy is the largest in Africa, the 25th-largest in the world by nominal GDP, and 25th-largest by PPP. Nigeria is often referred to as the Giant of Africa owing to its large population and economy and is considered to be an emerging market by the World Bank. However, the country ranks very low in the Human Development Index and remains one of the most corrupt nations in the world. Nigeria is a founding member of the African Union and a member of many international organizations, including the United Nations, the Commonwealth of Nations, NAM, the Economic Community of West African States, and OPEC. It is also a member of the informal MINT group of countries and is one of the Next Eleven economies.
Nenana Valley is an archaeological site in the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area of Alaska.The site was first occupied around 11,000 years ago (early Holocene) and  represents one of the earliest known sites in Arctic North America. The location of artifacts in the stratigraphic column suggests that, originally, the site was not occupied year-round, and that during the last glacial period people would have been travelling back and forth between North America and Asia, using this site as an outpost. Zooarchaeological evidence, such as mammoth and sheep bones, suggest that people were following these paths seasonally for hunting. As the ice age ended, the site would have become a more permanent residence. Points found here suggest that the culture is ancestral to that which created the Clovis points, of which variations can be found across North America.
There are at least four nationwide operating Scouting and Guiding organizations in Colombia:
Asociación Scouts de Colombia (Scout Association of Colombia); member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement; co-educational, 13,348 members
Asociación de Guías Scouts de Colombia (Girl Scout Association of Colombia); member of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts; girls-only, 627 members
Corporación Scouts de Antioquia (Scouts Corporation of Antioquia, CSA), operating in the province of Antioquia, divided in districts inside the region whose main center is in the metropolitan city of Medellín. The CSA traces its origin to the beginning of the Boy Scouts in Colombia with Sir Jorge Cock Quevedo in 1918. More than 1,500 Scouts are currently enrolled in this movement.
Asociación Colombiana de Escultismo (Colombian Scout Association, Scouts ACE); member of the World Federation of Independent Scouts
John Rain is a fictional character created by Barry Eisler. He appears in eight of Eisler's espionage novels as an assassin for hire who specializes in making his victims appear to have died of natural causes. Rain is a Vietnam War veteran who served with the Special Forces; he was later recruited by the CIA, but by the time he appears in the first of the "John Rain" novels, "Rain Fall", he is working "freelance," offering his assassination services to any client willing to follow his three rules: 1) No women or children, 2) No secondary team working separately on an assassination Rain is handling, 3) Principal actors only (i.e., no hits on family members, etc., in order to "send a message").
Rain's years of training in the Special Forces, CIA, and as an assassin for hire manifest themselves in a deep-seated paranoia, an inability to trust anyone, and the drive to eliminate any loose ends (usually through killing) that may leave him vulnerable to payback or revenge.
The 1973–74 Nationalliga A season was the 36th season of the Nationalliga A, the top level of ice hockey in Switzerland. Eight teams participated in the league, and SC Bern won the championship.
Glacis (French pronunciation: ​[ɡlasi]) is an administrative district of Seychelles located in the North Region of the island of Mahé. It also encompasses uninhabited Mamelles Island 13 kilometers to the northeast of Mahé, and the tiny Brisan Rocks in between.
Glacis District has an area of 7 km². Between the censuses of 2002 and 2010, the population rose from 3.576 to 3.833.
Elections to the Council of the Isles of Scilly, a sui generis unitary authority in the far southwest of England, were held on 4 June 2009.
The whole council of 21 members was up for election, with thirteen members elected in the St Mary's electoral division and another eight from the 'Off Islands', being two each from Bryher, St Martin's, St Agnes and Tresco. All eight seats for the 'Off Islands' were uncontested.
As with other unitary elections in England, these local elections in the Isles of Scilly took place on the same day as the European elections of 2009. The previous election, in 2005, coincided with the 2005 United Kingdom general election.
Michael Neary (born 5 November 1948) is a Canadian rower. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was a member of the Argonaut Rowing Club in Toronto, Ontario.
Fredrik Rosing Bull (25 December 1882 – 7 June 1925) was an information technology pioneer, known for his work on improved punched card machines.
Bull was born in Kristiania (Oslo, Norway).  In 1907 he finished his studies in civil engineering at the Technical School of Kristiania (Kristiania Tekniske Skole). In 1916 he was hired as a technical inspector for the insurance company Storebrand, where he developed an interest for punched card machines technology and began developing one of his own. In 1919 he obtained a patent for the machine, and in 1921 he prepared a team that took over the implementation of the machine at the company where Bull worked at that time, Storebrand. This team provided several new ideas for improving the Bull machine, rendering it superior to Hollerith's device - the precursor to the IBM punched card machine - in use at that time. Bull continued to develop his ideas, improving the machine, which became a success throughout Europe. He was diagnosed with cancer at an early age and died in 1925 when he was 42 years old. His patents were later sold in 1931 and constituted the basis for the founding of the French company Groupe Bull, a large information technology company operating in over 100 countries.
Morro Bay High School is a four-year public high school located in the city of Morro Bay along the coast of San Luis Obispo County, California.Students of the school are typically residents of Morro Bay, Los Osos (to the south), and Cayucos (to the north). On average, enrollment ranges from 800 to 900 students a year. The school is roughly 60 meters from the beach (.04 mile) and 228 meters (.14 mile) from the Pacific Ocean.
The Vineyard is a Grade II listed house at 79 Hurlingham Road, Fulham, London.It was built in the early 17th century, and has 18th century alterations, and probably the largest private garden in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.In 1918, The Vineyard was purchased by the press baron Max Aitken, Lord Beaverbrook, and he lived there from 1921 to 1947.  Winston Churchill was a frequent visitor.  The house remained in the ownership of the Beaverbrook family until the 1990s.
Miguel Ángel López Jaén and Iván Navarro were the defending champions, but they chose to not participate.Augustin Gensse and Eric Prodon won in the final 6–1, 7–6(7–3) against Giancarlo Petrazzuolo and Simone Vagnozzi.
Lists of comedies cover comedy performances in different media and genres.
Louco Amor is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo. It premiered on 11 April 1983 and ended on 21 October 1983, with a total of 167 episodes. It's the thirtieth "novela das oito" to be aired on the timeslot. It is created and written by Gilberto Braga and directed by Wolf Maya.
The 2019–20 ABL season was the tenth season of competition of the ASEAN Basketball League. The regular season started on 16 November 2019 and was set to end on 28 March 2020.On 15 July 2020, the league announced the cancellation of the season due to the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak. No league title was awarded.
Winslow Crocker House is a historic house in Yarmouth Port, Massachusetts, built circa 1780. In 1936, Mary Thacher, an avid collector of antiques, moved the house of a wealthy 18th-century trader and land speculator, Winslow Crocker, to its present location.
Thacher remodeled the interior in order to provide an appropriate early American backdrop for the display of her collection. Woodwork was stripped, smaller-paned windows installed, and a fireplace rebuilt to contain a beehive oven. The result is a colonial Cape Cod house with a 20th-century flavor. Thacher's collection of furniture, accented by colorful hooked rugs, ceramics, and pewter, presents a thorough survey of early American styles, from Jacobean, William and Mary, and Queen Anne to Chippendale. Today the house is owned and operated as a historic museum by Historic New England.
Zeenat Mosharraf is a Bangladesh Jatiya Party politician and the former Jatiya Sangsad member from the reserved women's seat 29.
Almuth Berger is a German Protestant pastor.In the 1970s she became a peace activist in the German Democratic Republic.   In 1989, after several years campaigning on issues affecting immigrants, she was appointed "Commissioner for Foreigners" in the governments of Hans Modrow and Lothar de Maizière.   Following reunification she took an equivalent position with the Brandenburg Regional Government between 1991 and 2006.
Oesyme or Oisyme (Attic Greek: Οἰσύμη, Doric Greek: Οἰσύμα) and Aisyme or Aesyme (Ancient Greek: Αἰσύμη) was an ancient Greek polis (city-state) located in ancient Thrace and later in Macedonia. It was within the region of Pieras or Edonis between the river Strymon and the river Nestos. 
Thucydides mentions it with Galepsus and notes that both were colonies of Thasos that sided with the Spartan army of Brasidas after it had taken Amphipolis in 424 BCE.Stephanus of Byzantium identifies it as the same Aesyme or Aisyme (Αίσύμη) named by Homer in the Iliad as the place of origin of Castianeira, mother of Gorgythion, who was fathered by Priam, king of Troy.The town is mentioned by several ancient geographers including Ptolemy and Pliny the Elder. Diodorus notes the town under the misspelling Σύμη - Syme (omitting the initial vowels). The town also appears in the Periplus of Pseudo-Scylax as Σιούμη - Sioume. It is also mentioned in the Delphic Theorodochoi inscription.
It was later renamed to Emathia (Ἠμαθία) after its occupation by Phillip II of Macedon. According to Pseudo-Scymnus, it was named Emathia after the daughter of Makesse.
It was considered a polis and an emporion at the same time.
Athenaeus quotes a passage from Armenidas where Oesyme is mentioned among the places of Thrace famous for the quality of their wines.It is also mentioned in the Lexicon of the Ten Orators and the Suda.The location of the ancient city is identified with the fortified citadel on Cape Vrasidas south of the village of Nea Peramos in the southern part of the bay of Eleutherai.
Sally Wentworth was the pseudonym used by Doreen Hornsblow (1936 or 1937, Watford - 2001, Hertfordshire), a British romance writer of 70 romance novels in Mills & Boon's from 1977 to 1999.
This is a list of aircraft manufacturers sorted alphabetically by International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO)/common name. It contains the ICAO/common name, manufacturers name(s), country and other data, with the known years of operation in parentheses. The ICAO names are listed in bold. Having an ICAO name does not mean that a manufacturer is still in operation today, just that some of the aircraft produced by that manufacturer are still flying.
   is said to be computable or recursive if there is a computable well-ordering of a subset of the natural numbers having the order type 
   is computable. The successor of a computable ordinal is computable, and the set of all computable ordinals is closed downwards.  
The supremum of all computable ordinals is called the Church–Kleene ordinal, the first nonrecursive ordinal, and denoted by 
          ω
          
            1
          
          
            C
            K
          
  . The Church–Kleene ordinal is a limit ordinal. An ordinal is computable if and only if it is smaller than 
          ω
          
            1
          
          
            C
            K
          
  . Since there are only countably many computable relations, there are also only countably many computable ordinals. Thus, 
          ω
          
            1
          
          
            C
            K
          
The computable ordinals are exactly the ordinals that have an ordinal notation in Kleene's 
          
            O
          
The U.S. President's Committee on International Information Activities (the Jackson Committee) was appointed on January 24, 1953 by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in order to survey and evaluate the government’s information and related policies and activities with particular reference to international relations and the national security. In his announcement on January 26 President Eisenhower said, "It has long been my conviction that a unified and dynamic effort in this field is essential to the security of the United States and of the peoples in the community of free nations."The Jackson Committee first met on January 30, 1953 and, during its existence, interviewed over 250 witnesses, including many representatives of government departments and agencies. It also consulted with members of Congress, studied much highly classified material furnished by various agencies, and received a large volume of correspondence both from government officials and from members of the public and private organizations.
Fiona Virginia Johnson (born 1960) now Fiona Stevens is an alpine skier from New Zealand.
In the 1980 Winter Olympics at Lake Placid, she came 30th in the Giant Slalom.Her aunt Annette Johnson was an alpine skier at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Milan Karatantchev (Bulgarian: Милан Каратанчев) (born 17 August 1959) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Belasitsa Petrich, Arda Kardzhali, and most notably for Botev Plovdiv, where he is considered a club legend. Following his retirement, he also became a referee. Subsequently, he was a secretary of the refereeing commission for the zonal council in Plovdiv. Outside of football, Karatantchev has also found employment as a firefighter.
The 2009 Akron Zips men's soccer team represented the University of Akron during the 2009 NCAA Division I men's soccer season. The Zips finished the season undefeated and won every match of the season except for the national championship game, where they lost in penalties to Virginia.
Frank Markham Skipworth (1854 in Castor, Lincolnshire – 1929 in London) was an English portrait painter. He painted also genre and historical subjects.
He studied for two years at the Lincoln School of Art, then under Edward Poynter at the Royal Academy Schools for three years and became a pupil of Adolphe William Bouguereau in Paris.
Josh Heinrichs is an American reggae singer/songwriter who was the former lead singer of internationally known indie reggae band, Jah Roots and current owner/operator of indie reggae record label, GanJah Records. Since leaving the band in 2008, Heinrichs has launched a successful solo career and has released several albums, including a #1 Billboard charting release with Good Vibes in 2016.
Ever Jair Palma Olivares (born March 18, 1992 in Zitácuaro, Michoacán) is a Mexican racewalker. He competed for Mexico in 20 kilometres walk at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.His older brother, Isaac, is also a racewalker.
The Provincial Assembly of the City-province of Kinshasa (French, l’Assemblée provinciale de la ville-province de Kinshasa) is the legislative body of the City-province of Kinshasa. Godefroid Mpoy Kadima is the speaker of the provincial assembly.
Murkha Nayanar, also known as Moorka Nayanar, Murka Nayanar, Moorkha Nayanar, Murgga Nayanar, Moorkka Nayanar and Murkhar, is a Nayanar saint, venerated in the Hindu sect of Shaivism. He is generally counted as the thirty-second in the list of 63 Nayanars.
Ralph Bunche House was the home Ralph Bunche commissioned from Hilyard Robinson in 1941. It is located at 1510 Jackson Street, Northeast, Washington, D.C., United States, in the Brookland neighborhood.He lived there while he was a professor at Howard University, and worked at the State Department, from 1941 to 1947.It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
It was named as an endangered place by the D.C. Preservation League in 2001.
The Studerhorn (3,634 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It lies between the Finsteraarhorn and the Oberaarhorn, on the ridge separating the basins of the Unteraar Glacier (north) and the Fiescher Glacier (south).
The mountain was named in honour of the Swiss geologist Gottlieb Samuel Studer.
The 1983–84 Midland Football Combination season was the 47th in the history of Midland Football Combination, a football competition in England.
At the end of the previous season the Midland Combination divisions were renamed, as Division One was renamed the Premier Division, Division Two became Division One and Division Three became Division Two.
Fluid motion is governed by the Navier–Stokes equations, a set of coupled and nonlinear
partial differential equations derived from the basic laws of conservation of mass, momentum
and energy. The unknowns are usually the flow velocity, the pressure and density  and temperature. The analytical solution of this equation is impossible hence scientists resort to laboratory experiments in such situations. The answers delivered are, however, usually qualitatively different since dynamical and geometric similitude are difficult to enforce simultaneously between the lab experiment and the prototype. Furthermore, the design and construction of these experiments can be difficult (and costly), particularly for stratified rotating flows. Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) is an additional tool in the arsenal of scientists. In its early days CFD was often controversial, as it involved additional approximation to the governing equations and raised additional (legitimate) issues. Nowadays CFD is an established discipline alongside theoretical and experimental methods. This position is in large part due to the exponential growth of computer power which has allowed us to tackle ever larger and more complex problems.
Awatoto is a coastal suburb area located near Napier, Hawke's Bay, New Zealand. 
The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of "stream for hauling canoes" for Awatōtō.Awatoto had a population of 309 at the 2013 New Zealand census, a decrease of 48 people since the 2006 census. There were 153 males and 156 females. 83.2% were European/Pākehā, 23.2% were Māori, 1.1% were Pacific peoples and 4.2% were Asian.
Uncomfortable Oxford is a social enterprise and tour guide organisation operating in the city of Oxford, England. Founded in 2018 by Oxford University DPhil history students, the goal of the tours was to highlight the history of imperialism, gender and class inequalities within the city. The organisation also creates podcasts, blog articles, runs workshops and outreach programs, and hosts public lectures.  In 2019 Uncomfortable Oxford received a High Commendation from the Vice Chancellor's Social Impact Awards for "exceptional achievement and commitment to positive social change", for which it was awarded with funding from the AHRC-TORCH which was awarded by The Oxford Centre for the Research in the Humanities.
The history of Ambassadors of the United States to Poland began in 1919.
Until the end of the Great War, Poland had been partitioned between Russia, Germany, and Austria-Hungary. After the war and the collapse of the empires, Poland became an independent republic in 1918.
The United States recognized the Second Polish Republic and established diplomatic relations. The first U.S. Minister to Poland was Hugh S. Gibson, appointed in 1919.
Diplomatic relations were maintained throughout the years of World War II with the government-in-exile of Poland resident in London.
Carnton is a historic home and museum in Franklin, Williamson County, Tennessee, United States. The plantation played an important role during and immediately after the Battle of Franklin during the American Civil War. It is managed by the non-profit organization The Battle of Franklin Trust.
Discidae is a taxonomic family of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea.
BMA Magazine is an Australia street press and music magazine focusing on popular music, concerts, live events and popular culture in Canberra and surrounding areas. It is published fortnightly.
Late Autumn (Korean: 만추; Hanja: 晚秋; RR: Manchu) is a 2010 English-language film directed by Kim Tae-yong. It stars Tang Wei as Anna, a prisoner who is given a 72 hours parole to visit family in Seattle, and who meets and befriends a South Korean man on-the-run (Hyun Bin).A co-production between South Korea, China and the United States, it is the fourth remake of the now-lost 1966 Lee Man-hee melodrama classic of the same title.
Robert Lee Eskridge (November 22, 1891 – April 14, 1975) was an American genre painter, muralist and illustrator.
The Women's 56 kg powerlifting event at the 2004 Summer Paralympics was competed  on 21 September. It was won by Fatma Omar, representing  Egypt.
Andreas Schwab (born 16 November 1952) is an Austrian bobsledder. He competed in the two man and the four man events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.
Jabłonka [jaˈbwɔnka] (German: Jablonken, 1938-45: Seehag) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Nidzica and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The Holy Lance, also known as the Lance of Longinus (named after Saint Longinus), the Spear of Destiny, or the Holy Spear, is the lance that pierced the side of Jesus as he hung on the cross during his crucifixion.
Owasco Inlet is a river located in Cayuga County, New York. It starts at an unnamed marsh north of Freeville, New York and flows north before emptying into Owasco Lake.
"Brighter Than Sunshine" is an indie pop ballad written and performed by  Aqualung. First released on his 2003 album Still Life, it became the album's first single. It was later added to the 2005 compilation album Strange and Beautiful.  "Brighter Than Sunshine" reached 32 on the Billboard Adult Top 40 chart in the U.S. and spent two weeks at 37 on the UK Singles Chart in 2003. The record was featured in the 2005 romantic comedy, A Lot like Love, as well as in episodes of the American drama series Cold Case and the Canadian sitcom Schitt’s Creek.
Tatul Avoyan (Armenian: Թաթուլ Ավոյան; born August 20, 1964), known commonly by his mononym Tatul or Tatoul, is an Armenian rabiz singer.
Puerto Rico All Star Unicycling Basketball Team is an American unicycling basketball team based in Puerto Rico. They have represented their country many times internationally. They are 10 times world champions and two times silver medalists.
The Anatomy Lesson of Dr. Nicolaes Tulp is a 1632 oil painting on canvas by Rembrandt housed in the Mauritshuis museum in The Hague, the Netherlands. The painting is regarded as one of Rembrandt's early masterpieces.
In the work, Nicolaes Tulp is pictured explaining the musculature of the arm to a group of doctors. Some of the spectators are various doctors who paid commissions to be included in the painting. The painting is signed in the top-left hand corner Rembrandt. f[ecit] 1632. This may be the first instance of Rembrandt signing a painting with his forename (in its original form) as opposed to the monogram RHL (Rembrandt Harmenszoon of Leiden), and is thus a sign of his growing artistic confidence.
The Finchley Meeting House is a Friends meeting house (a Quaker place of worship) at 58 Alexandra Grove in Finchley, London N12.Quakers had first met in the area in a house in Ballards Lane from around 1882 to 1909, and a subset of the Hampstead meeting met monthly in Finchley from 1945 to 1950. A specific Finchley meeting began in 1952, it was based at 131 Nether Street in 1955; the Nether Street house having been let to the meeting by a member who had bought the house for them. Due to the ageing of the Nether Street house, new premises were sought, and a new Meeting House was built nearby on Alexandra Grove, opening in October 1967. It was designed by H. V. Sprince. The London: North edition of the Pevsner Architectural Guides describes the building as "Stock brick, with corner windows, and flat roofs stepping up from the hall to the wardens flat at the back".The Meeting House was the base of the Finchley and District Peace Campaign until their closure in 2006.The meeting for worship is held on Sundays at 10:30 am.
American Savoyards was an Off-Broadway and touring repertory theatre company that produced light operas, principally the works of Gilbert and Sullivan, in New York City and on tour between 1948 and 1967.
The 53rd Infantry Division "Arezzo" (Italian: 53ª Divisione di fanteria "Arezzo") was a infantry division of the Royal Italian Army during World War II. The Arezzo was classified as a mountain infantry division, which meant that the division's artillery was moved by pack mules instead of the horse-drawn carriages of line infantry divisions. Italy's real mountain warfare divisions were the six alpine divisions manned by Alpini mountain troops.
The division was formed on 24 May 1939 and named after the city of Arezzo. The division disintegrated on 12 September 1943 after the Armistice of Cassibile between Italy and the Allies was announced. The Arezzo is not related to the Partisan Division "Arezzo", which operated in the Cortona area in Tuscany in 1943.
Joan Brosnan Walsh (29 June 1938 – 20 December 2009) was a veteran Irish actress, best known for her long-running role as the character Mags Kelly on the Irish soap opera Fair City, a role she had played for almost twenty years, from 18 September 1989 until her final screen appearance, 11 January 2009.
Brosnan Walsh appeared in a number of films such as The Boxer and Fatal Inheritance. She also worked as a costume designer. She first worked for ACNielsen and Aer Lingus, the latter providing her with her first experience of acting. After nearly twenty years she announced her departure from Fair City in January 2009 after declaring that she had contracted motor neurone disease the previous year.
Sosthene-Taroum Moguenara (born 17 October 1989) is a German long jumper. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, but failed to qualify for the final. In 2011 Moguenara won the bronze medal at the European Athletics U23 Championships in Ostrava.
Megastylis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae. It contains 6 known species, all native to Vanuatu and New Caledonia.
Edward Gastfield (August 1, 1865 – December 1, 1899) was an American professional baseball player in the 1880s.  He appeared in 25 games in Major League Baseball, principally as a catcher, for the Detroit Wolverines in 1884, and in one game for the Chicago White Stockings in July 1885.  He compiled a career batting average of .068 with 37 strikeouts in 88 at bats.
2006 has thus far been an important year for Swiss music, with the first few months of the year seeing a very steady pattern at the top end of the Swiss singles and album charts.
The Tomb of Ayyub is one of the alleged burial sites of Job. It is located in the hills overlooking the city of Salalah in Oman's Dhofar region. For other such places in Israel, Syria, Lebanon and Turkey, see Local traditions regarding Job.
This is a list of volcanoes in Ethiopia. It includes both active and extinct vents.
In mathematics, the Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process is a stochastic process with applications in financial mathematics and the physical sciences. Its original application in physics was as a model for the velocity of a massive Brownian particle under the influence of friction. It is named after Leonard Ornstein and George Eugene Uhlenbeck.
The Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process is a stationary Gauss–Markov process, which means that it is a Gaussian process, a Markov process, and is temporally homogeneous.  In fact, it is the only nontrivial process that satisfies these three conditions, up to allowing linear transformations of the space and time variables. Over time, the process tends to drift towards its mean function: such a process is called mean-reverting.
The process can be considered to be a modification of the random walk in continuous time, or Wiener process, in which the properties of the process have been changed so that there is a tendency of the walk to move back towards a central location, with a greater attraction when the process is further away from the center. The Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process can also be considered as the continuous-time analogue of the discrete-time AR(1) process.
Jean Richepin (French pronunciation: ​[ʒɑ̃ ʁiʃpɛ̃]; 4 February 1849 – 12 December 1926) was a French poet, novelist and dramatist.
Acrolophus arimusalis is a moth of the family Acrolophidae. It is found in Brazil (Para).
Causal plane is a term used in Neo-Theosophy, some contemporary Vedanta, the New Age, (especially some channelled communications), and sometimes Occultism, to describe a high spiritual plane of existence. However, there is great variation between the different definitions.
"Vsyaka Nedelya" (Bulgarian: Всяка неделя, literally "Every Sunday") is a Bulgarian television program hosted and edited by journalist Kevork Kevorkian. It is one of the most successful television shows on Bulgarian television.
Fujiwara no Kanezane (藤原 兼実, 1149 – May 3, 1207), also known as Kujō Kanezane (九条 兼実), is the founder of the Kujō family (at the encouragement of Minamoto no Yoritomo), although some sources cite Fujiwara no Morosuke (908-960) as its founder.
Kanezane organised the compilation of the Kitano Tenjin Engi, the history of the Kitano Shrine. 
In April 1186 he became regent  and in 1189 was appointed Chief Minister.
A descendant of Fujiwara no Michinaga's line, he was the son of Fujiwara no Tadamichi, and his brother, Jien was the author of the historical work Gukanshō.  He had at least two children, Yoshitsune and Taeko, who was at one point a consort of Emperor Go-Toba.
Among his sons were Kujō Yoshimichi (九条 良通, 1167-1188), Kujō Yoshisuke (九条 良輔, 1185-1218), Kujō Yoshihira (九条 良平, 1185-1240) and Yoshitsune.
In 1202 he ordained as a Buddhist monk and took on the Dharma name Enshō (円証).
The black-winged flycatcher-shrike (Hemipus hirundinaceus) is a species of bird in the flycatcher-shrike genus, Hemipus. It is usually placed in the Vangidae. It is found in the Malay Peninsula and the Greater Sunda Islands. Its natural habitats are lowland forests and sometimes swamps and mangroves. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed it as being of least concern.
The Southern Alberta Jubilee Auditorium is a  performing arts, culture and community facility located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
The auditorium was built in 1955 to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Alberta. It is owned and operated by the Government of Alberta.
The Jubilee is home to Calgary Opera, Alberta Ballet, and the annual Canadian Legion Remembrance Day Ceremonies. For many years it has hosted touring Broadway shows, stand-up comedians, theatre productions, bands, orchestras, dance festivals and awards ceremonies. Other tenants include Broadway Across Canada.In 2005 as part of the celebrations for the Alberta Centennial, the auditorium underwent extensive renovations totalling $91 million.
The main theatre capacity to up 2,523 people on three levels. Renovations beginning in 2004 focused on extensive improvements including: acoustics, seating, climate controls, and a revitalized new look.
Barbara (Arabic: برْبره) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Gaza Subdistrict located 17 km northeast of Gaza city, in the vicinity of modern Ashkelon. It had an entirely Arab population of 2,410 in 1945. The village consisted of nearly 14,000 dunums of which approximately 12,700 dunums was able to be cultivated. It was captured by Israel during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
Paraíso is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in Brazil. The population is 3,360 (2020 est.) in an area of 181 km². The elevation is 520 m.
He was appointed Minister of Trade and Industry under President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah. Banda-Thomas supported presidential candidate Charles Margai at the September 2005 SLPP Convention which cost him his job when Margai lost the election. He was later given a new appointment as Sierra Leone's Minister of Internal Affairs.
Agata Balsamo (Nicolosi, 11 November 1970) is an Italian former long-distance runner.
The 2011-12 season is AaB's 29th consecutive season in the top flight of Danish football, 22nd consecutive season in the Danish Superliga, and 126th year in existence as a football club.
Eamonn Doyle (born 1969) is an Irish photographer, electronic music producer, DJ, and owner/manager of the D1 Recordings record label. He has produced a number of records of his own music. His self-published photo-books include the trilogy i (2014), ON (2015) and End (2016), set in Dublin where he lives. He founded and ran the Dublin Electronic Arts Festival from 2001 to 2009.
Ian Maleney wrote in The Irish Times in 2015 that "D1 is considered one of the most important chapters in recent Irish music history". Martin Parr declared i "the best street photobook in a decade".
Pseudorgyia versuta is a species of owlet moth (family Erebidae) first described by Leon F. Harvey in 1875. It is found in North America.The MONA or Hodges number for Pseudorgyia versuta is 8512.
In topology and related branches of mathematics, a Hausdorff space, separated space or T2 space is a topological space where for any two distinct points there exist neighbourhoods of each which are disjoint from each other. Of the many separation axioms that can be imposed on a topological space, the "Hausdorff condition" (T2) is the most frequently used and discussed. It implies the uniqueness of limits of sequences, nets, and filters.Hausdorff spaces are named after Felix Hausdorff, one of the founders of topology. Hausdorff's original definition of a topological space (in 1914) included the Hausdorff condition as an axiom.
Jesse Clement Gray (12 July 1854 – 24 February 1912) was a British co-operative activist.
Born in Ripley, Derbyshire, Gray's father was the local Baptist minister. In 1860, the family moved to Hebden Bridge, and Gray was educated at the town's grammar school.Gray left school at the age of thirteen, and became a clerk for the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. He was interested in the co-operative movement, and so in 1874 became the assistant secretary of the Hebden Bridge Fustian Society, a full-time post. He proved successful in the role, and was promoted to become the organisation's general secretary before he had even spent six months in the post.Gray began making a national reputation for himself, championing co-operative production methods, in addition to the co-operative retail which was becoming widespread. In 1883, he was appointed as assistant secretary of the Co-operative Union, and was promoted to become its secretary in 1891. He also became secretary of the International Co-operative Alliance, serving from 1902 until 1908.In 1906, Gray proposed that the various retail co-operatives in the UK amalgamate, to be run by an elected general council with 150 members. This proposal was not taken up. He retired in 1910, due to failing health, and died in Manchester two years later. He is buried in Hebden Bridge with a monument in the graveyard funded by the movement.
Wayne Dillon Parnell (born 30 July 1989) is a South African professional cricketer who most recently played for Northamptonshire in English county cricket.
Previously, he played Test cricket, One Day International cricket and Twenty20 matches for South Africa. At domestic level he played for Cape Cobras, having previously played for the Warriors and Eastern Province.
Edward Riddle  (1788 – 31 March 1854) was an English mathematician and astronomer, known for  A Treatise on Navigation and Nautical Astronomy.
William Bull II (September 24, 1710 – July 4, 1791) was a landowner, and was for many years (1759–1775) lieutenant governor of the province of South Carolina, and served as acting governor on five occasions.  A Loyalist, he left the colony in 1782 when British troops were evacuated at the end of the American Revolutionary War, and died in London.
William (Guilielmus) Bull matriculated at the University of Leiden in the Netherlands 10 October 1732. He received his Medical Doctor degree from the University of Leiden on 13 April 1734. The title description of his thesis is: Dissertatio medica inauguralis de colica pictonum. Quam … pro gradu Doctoratus, summisque in Medicina honoribus & privilegiis rite ac legitime consequendis, eruditorum examini submittit Guilielmus Bull … ad diem 18. Augusti 1734. hora locoque solitis. - Lugduni Batavorum  : apud Gerardum Potvliet, 1734. - 19,[1]p. ; 4to.On title-page he is described as "Anglus ex Carolina." Dedicated to his father William Bull, King's Counsel of South Carolina. In the thesis he makes reference to "Townium Anglium qui ad colicam refert." Born in South Carolina, 1710. He is said to have been the first from the American Continent to graduate at Leyden. But Roland Cotton (born Hampton, N.H., August 29, 1674) received his Ph.D. at the University of Harderwijk in the Netherlands on October 8, 1697.
Bronwyn Lee Mayer-Smith  (born 3 July 1974 in Sydney) is an Australian water polo player from the gold medal squad of the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Mayer married Damian Smith in January 2001. Mayer competed on the team in the 2004 Summer Olympics, which took 4th place. She is a cousin of water polo players Gavin and Taryn Woods.
In 2019, she was inducted into the Water Polo Australia Hall of Fame.
Bojay Bruce Feleunga Filimoeatu (born December 6, 1989) is an American football coach and former linebacker who is currently the defensive line coach at Weber State. He played college football at Utah State and played in the NFL briefly for the Oakland Raiders before becoming a college football coach.
Talat Fatemeh Naqvi is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since August 2018.
Merete Myklebust (born 16 May 1973 in Ålesund) is a former Norwegian footballer, world champion, and olympic medalist.
She debuted for the Norwegian national team in 1993 and played 60 matches for the national team.
She received a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
The Murrieta Hogbacks are Miocene basalt capped granitic hogbacks located in northeastern Murrieta on the southern end of the Temescal Mountains of Riverside County, California.
Robert Bage (11 March 1730 – 1 September 1801) was an English businessman and novelist.
Dalsie Green Baniala is a Telecomms manager on Vanuatu. She is the Telecommunications and Radio communications Regulator for Vanuatu. Baniala was told that she was suspended by the Prime Minister but the courts over ruled the suspension.
The Arenatus barb (Puntius arenatus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Puntius from India.
A number of units of measurement have been used in Tanzania to measure length, mass, capacity, etc.  The metric system was adopted in Tanzania from 1967 to 1969.
Risør Church (Norwegian: Risør kirke or Den Hellige Ånds kirke) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Risør Municipality in Agder county, Norway. It is located in the town of Risør. It is one of the two churches for the Risør parish which is part of the Aust-Nedenes prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Agder og Telemark. The white, wooden church was built in a cruciform design in 1647 using plans drawn up by an unknown architect. The church seats about 450 people.
Holhymenia is a genus in the "true bug" family Coreidae, order Hemiptera. The genus was erected by Amédée Louis Michel Lepeletier and Jean Guillaume Audinet-Serville in 1825. The name is frequently misspelled as "Holymenia", due to an unjustified emendation by Hermann Burmeister ten years after the name was originally published.
Ruth Rodale Spira (December 9, 1928 – August 31, 2019) was an American businesswoman and cookbook author.
The septal area (medial olfactory area), consisting of the lateral septum and medial septum, is an area in the lower, posterior part of the medial surface of the frontal lobe, and refers to the nearby septum pellucidum.
The septal nuclei are located in this area. The septal nuclei are composed of medium-size neurons which are classified into dorsal, ventral, medial, and caudal groups. The septal nuclei receive reciprocal connections from the olfactory bulb, hippocampus, amygdala, hypothalamus, midbrain, habenula, cingulate gyrus, and thalamus. The septal nuclei are essential in generating the theta rhythm of the hippocampus.
The septal area (medial olfactory area) has no relation to the sense of smell, but it is considered a pleasure zone in animals.
The septal nuclei play a role in reward and reinforcement along with the nucleus accumbens. In the 1950s, Olds & Milner showed that rats with electrodes implanted in this area will self-stimulate repeatedly (i.e., press a bar to receive electric current that stimulate the neurons). Experiments on the septal area of humans have taken place since the 1960s.
Oneglia (Ligurian: Inêia or Ineja) is a former town in northern Italy on the Ligurian coast, in 1923 joined to Porto Maurizio to form the Comune of Imperia. The name is still used for the suburb.The Imperia Oneglia railway station was closed in 2016, due to the new organization of the city, which provides a new station in the middle core of the city of Imperia, just to make 
This specific point of the city, in the early 1930 was the hearth of the Liguria's economy, due to the important oil commerce that was pretty consistent at that time.
Eduard Haken (22 March 1910 – 12 January 1996, Prague) was a Czech operatic bass who had a lengthy career at the National Theatre in Prague during the 20th century. Although he mostly performed within his own nation, Haken did appear at a number of important international music festivals and opera houses in Europe while traveling with the National Theatre. He was also active as a concert soloist and recitalist.Haken possessed a dark and glossy voice that was agile and powerful enough to assail a wide array of parts from the dexterous bel canto repertoire to heavier dramatic roles. A fine actor with a good sense of comic timing, he also excelled in the basso buffo repertoire. His voice is preserved on numerous opera recordings made with the Supraphon record label.
Pacific International Lines (PIL) is a shipping company incorporated in Singapore on 16 March 1967. It was founded by Singaporean entrepreneur Chang Yun Chung, who was the world's oldest billionaire until he died at 102 in September 2020.
A slasher is an implement with a long sharp blade used to clear scrub. Its long handle, and the open face of its blade, lends it to use for clearing thin and dense low-lying bush or scrub where an axe would be too clumsy. It is similar to a billhook, but with a longer handle.
Many countries established governments in exile during World War II.  The Second World War caused many governments to lose sovereignty as their territories came under occupation by enemy powers. Governments in exile sympathetic to the Allied or Axis powers were established away from the fighting.
Christopher A. Schuh (born August 4, 1975) is an American metallurgist. He is the Danae and Vasilis Salapatas Professor in Metallurgy in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Schuh was elected as a member into the National Academy of Engineering in 2019 for contributions to design science and application of nanocrystalline metals.
The Queen Elizabeth Stadium is an indoor sport facility on the Morrison Hill in Wan Chai, on the Hong Kong Island of Hong Kong. First opened in 1980, it has a 3,500-seat arena, gymnasia, squash and badminton courts, and a multi-purpose hall. It was built by the Urban Council, and is now managed by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Hong Kong Government.
Galateo Alto is a barrio in the municipality of Isabela, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,314.
Beauty from Pain is the fourth album released by the band Superchick.  This is the first CD the band has released with an official drummer, Brandon Estelle.  Christian rapper and hip-hop singer tobyMac appears in the song "Stories (Down to the Bottom)", which is also heard on his CD Welcome to Diverse City.
Ai no Tobira (アイノトビラ, "Door of Love") is the second studio album by Japanese actress and recording artist Takako Matsu. It was released on September 23, 1998, through Arista Records Japan. The album peaked at number 3 on the Oricon Albums Chart and was certified Gold by the RIAJ for shipment of 200,000 copies. The album has sold about 245,000 copies in Japan, as of June 2014.
Warren Vanders (born Warren John Vanderschuit; May 23, 1930 – November 27, 2009) was an American character actor on television and in films.
Matanglawin, literally "Hawk's Eye" and usually contracted as Mata, is the official student publication of the Ateneo de Manila University in the Filipino language. The student paper dedicates itself to discussing socio-political issues in the Philippines, the plight and suffering of the working class, as well as pressing student rights issues. It is part of the Ateneo's Confederation of Publications (COP), including The GUIDON and Heights.From a circulation of a few mimeographed copies hidden in books at the Rizal Library in the 1970s, Matanglawin is now published in glossy form and has a circulation of more than 2,000, serving the Loyola Schools community. Copies of the publication are also sent to student publications across the Philippines.
Geschichte vom braven Kasperl und dem schönen Annerl (or The Story of Just Casper and Fair Annie in English) is a novella by Clemens Brentano, first published in 1817 in the book Gaben der Milde, edited by Friedrich Wilhelm Gubitz[1].
Cotabato, officially the Province of Cotabato and formerly but still colloquially known as North Cotabato and also known as Cotabato del Norte (Hiligaynon: Aminhan Cotabato; Cebuano: Amihanang Cotabato; Maguindanaon: Pangutaran Kutawatu; Ilocano: Amianan nga Cotabato; Filipino: Hilagang Cotabato), is a landlocked province in the Philippines located in the Soccsksargen region in Mindanao. Its capital is the city of Kidapawan. Some of its barangays are under the jurisdiction of the nearby Bangsamoro Autonomous Region.
Princess of Wales' College is a  girls' school in Sri Lanka. The school is situated in Moratuwa, a suburb of Colombo. Princess of Wales' College was founded in 1876 by Sir Charles Henry de Soysa who was a famous 19th century Sri Lankan philanthropist. As of 2014 over 4000 girls are studying in the School from grade 1 to 13 including all main streams of secondary studies which include biology, mathematics, commerce and arts. Currently there are 138 teachers in school
Niekie van de Berg is a South African politician, formerly a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance. He served as the DA Shadow Minister of Arts and Culture from 2012 until 2014, when he was succeeded by Winston Rabotapi. He is a former talk radio presenter with Radio Sonder Grense.Van den Berg announced his resignation from the Democratic Alliance in 2014 and joined the smaller Freedom Front Plus.
David M. Bloom is an American guitarist, flautist, composer/arranger/producer, educator, author, and director. Bloom founded the Bloom School of Jazz in Chicago where he continues to teach. Notable musicians who have attended the Bloom School include Alex Wurman, Graham Maby, Steve Rodby, Jon Weber, Cliff Colnot, Rob Parton, Mark Colby, and Rob Mazurek, with workshops from John Scofield and Mike Stern. Bloom authors jazz instruction books under his own Bloom School of Jazz Publishing which is distributed by Hal Leonard. Along with composing, arranging, writing, and directing The Bloom School of Jazz, Bloom directs documentary films about essential human values. Bloom's father was the late educational psychologist Benjamin Bloom, who made major contributions to the classification of educational objectives and to the theory of mastery-learning. David Bloom's own applications of mastery-learning have made him one of the most sought after teachers in Jazz today.
Heilmann is a German language surname. It can be tracked to early 16th-century Protestant families in south-west Germany (various locations); In France, it has spread around 1545 to Mulhouse (Mülhausen in German), a city now in the Alsace region.
Members of the Heilmann family of Mulhouse, of Protestant faith, issued from Lorentz Heilmann, a cooper, common ancestor born in 1545 in Niedernhall (now in Germany) and having established himself in Mulhouse:
Josué Heilmann (1796–1848), inventor, in particular of a hand embroidery machine.
Jean-Jacques Heilmann (1822–1859), early photographer and cofounder of the Société Française de Photographie.
Jean-Jacques Heilmann (1853–1922), inventor of the Heilmann locomotive "La Fusée Electrique", one of the first electric locomotives.Members of the Heilmann family initially from Geiselbach, who co-founded the Heilmann & Littmann German building company:
Lutz Heilmann, (b.1966), German politician (Die Linke) and member of the German Parliament for Schleswig-Holstein.
Thomas Heilmann (b. 1964), German politician (CDU)In other countries than France and Germany :
Harry Heilmann, American baseball player [issued from a 17th-century "Heylmann" ancestor from South-West Germany]
Lajos Szűcs (born 8 August 1973 in Budapest) is a Hungarian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. In his career, he has played 307 matches in the Hungarian first division and has scored a total of five goals. He played three matches in the Bundesliga during 1. FC Kaiserslautern's league-winning campaign of the 1997–98 season.
He is widely hated by fans of Újpest FC for leaving the club to Ferencváros.
The Dream of Ossian (French: Le Songe d'Ossian) is an 1813 painting by the French artist Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres. The work depicts the legendary poet Ossian sleeping while he dreams of relatives, warriors, and maidens, which appear above him on the canvas. Ingres was influenced by his contemporaries' Ossianic works, including James Macpherson's purported translations of Ossian's poems, François Gérard's 1801 painting Ossian Evoking Phantoms, and Jean-François Le Sueur's 1803 opera Ossian, ou Les bardes.
The painting was intended for the French emperor Napoleon's bedroom in the Quirinal Palace in Rome, but was reacquired by Ingres in 1835. Unfinished compositional adjustments were made to the painting, and the work was bequeathed to the Musée Ingres at the artist's death in 1867. Though subsequent criticism described the work as "grisaille" and "bizarre", others viewed the painting as characteristic of Neoclassicism or Romanticism.
The 11th Battalion, CEF, an infantry battalion of the Canadian Expeditionary Force, was authorized on 10 August 1914 and embarked for Great Britain on 30 September 1914. It was redesignated as the 11th Reserve Infantry Battalion , CEF, on 29 April 1915, to provide reinforcements to the Canadian Corps in the field. On 4 January 1917, its personnel, along with the personnel of the 100th Battalion (Winnipeg Grenadiers), CEF, were absorbed by a new 11th Reserve Battalion (Manitoba), CEF. The battalion was disbanded on 12 October 1917.The battalion recruited in Prince Albert, Moose Jaw, Regina and Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and Winnipeg, Manitoba and mobilized at Camp Valcartier, Quebec.The 11th Reserve Battalion formed part of the Canadian Training Depot at Tidworth Camp on the Salisbury Plain.The 11th Battalion, CEF, had three Officers Commanding:
Lt. Col. R. Burritt, 22 September 1914 – 23 August 1915
Lt. Col. A. Dulmage, 23 August 1915 – 15 September 1915
Lt. Col. A.E. Carpenter, 26 November 1915 – 27 April 1916
Lt. Col. P. Walker, 8 May 1916 – 4 January 1917The battalion was awarded the battle honour "The Great War 1914-17".The 11th Battalion, CEF, is perpetuated by The Winnipeg Grenadiers, currently on the Supplementary Order of Battle.
Huey Long, governor of Louisiana and US Senator, has inspired or been portrayed in numerous cultural works. He has served as the template for fascistic politicians in novels like It Can't Happen Here (1935), A Lion Is in the Streets (1945), and All the King's Men (1946). The latter two were adapted into Oscar-winning films.
He has also been the subject of award-winning biographies, such as T. Harry Williams's Huey Long (1970), which won the Pulitzer Prize. Ken Burns directed a 1985 documentary about Long.
José Antonio Montero Botanch (born January 3, 1965 in Barcelona, Spain) is a retired Spanish professional basketball player.
Pouzol (French pronunciation: ​[puzɔl]) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Navacelles (French pronunciation: ​[navasɛl]; Occitan: Navacèlas) is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Jean-Marie Grezet (born 16 January 1959) is a Swiss former professional racing cyclist. He rode in three editions of the Tour de France and one edition of the Giro d'Italia.
In numerical analysis, a cubic Hermite spline or cubic Hermite interpolator is a spline where each piece is a third-degree polynomial specified in Hermite form, that is, by its values and first derivatives at the end points of the corresponding domain interval.Cubic Hermite splines are typically used for interpolation of numeric data specified at given argument values 
          x
          
            1
          
          x
          
            2
          
          x
          
            n
          
  , to obtain a continuous function.  The data should consist of the desired function value and derivative at each 
          x
          
            k
          
  . (If only the values are provided, the derivatives must be estimated from them.)  The Hermite formula is applied to each interval 
          x
          
            k
          
          x
          
            k
            +
            1
          
   separately. The resulting spline will be continuous and will have continuous first derivative.
Cubic polynomial splines can be specified in other ways, the Bezier cubic being the most common.  However, these two methods provide the same set of splines, and data can be easily converted between the Bézier and Hermite forms; so the names are often used as if they were synonymous.  
Cubic polynomial splines are extensively used in computer graphics and geometric modeling to obtain curves or motion trajectories that pass through specified points of the plane or three-dimensional space.  In these applications, each coordinate of the plane or space is separately interpolated by a cubic spline function of a separate parameter t. 
Cubic polynomial splines are also used extensively in structural analysis applications, such as Euler–Bernoulli beam theory.
Cubic splines can be extended to functions of two or more parameters, in several ways.  Bicubic splines (Bicubic interpolation) are often used to interpolate data on a regular rectangular grid, such as pixel values in a digital image or altitude data on a terrain.  Bicubic surface patches, defined by three bicubic splines, are an essential tool in computer graphics.
Cubic splines are often called csplines, especially in computer graphics. Hermite splines are named after Charles Hermite.
Moutoa Island is an island of shingle approximately 500 metres (1,600 ft) long, 80 kilometres (50 mi) up the Whanganui River, New Zealand between the towns of Rānana and Hiruharama.
Surrounded by rapids, it has been the site of many battles, the most famous being on 14 May 1864, between a force of Pai Mārire followers from the upper Whanganui and Ngāti Hau from the lower Whanganui, during the Second Taranaki War. A statue unveiled in 1865 in Moutoa Gardens in Whanganui commemorates the battle.
James Grafton Rogers (January 13, 1883 - April 23, 1971) was the Assistant Secretary of State.
The Grosvenor School of Modern Art was a private British art school and, in its shortened form ("Grosvenor School"), the name of a brief British-Australian art movement. It was founded in 1925 by the Scottish wood engraver Iain Macnab in his house at 33 Warwick Square in Pimlico, London.: 31  From 1925 to 1930 Claude Flight ran it with him, and also taught linocutting there; among his students were Sybil Andrews, Cyril Power, Lill Tschudi and William Greengrass.: 400 
The radial notch of the ulna (lesser sigmoid cavity) is a narrow, oblong, articular depression on the lateral side of the coronoid process; it receives the circumferential articular surface of the head of the radius.
It is concave from before backward, and its prominent extremities serve for the attachment of the annular ligament.
Oliver Otis Howard (November 8, 1830 – October 26, 1909) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general in the American Civil War. As a brigade commander in the Army of the Potomac, Howard lost his right arm while leading his men against Confederate forces at the Battle of Fair Oaks/Seven Pines in June 1862, an action which later earned him the Medal of Honor. As a corps commander, he suffered two major defeats at Chancellorsville and Gettysburg in May and July 1863, but recovered from the setbacks as a successful corps and later army commander in the Western Theater.
Known as the "Christian general" because he tried to base his policy decisions on his deep, evangelical piety, he was given charge of the Freedmen's Bureau in mid-1865, with the mission of integrating the former slaves into Southern society and politics during the second phase of the Reconstruction Era. Howard took charge of labor policy, setting up a system that required freed people to work on former plantation land under pay scales fixed by the Bureau, on terms negotiated by the Bureau with white land owners.  Howard's Bureau was primarily responsible for the legal affairs of the freedmen.  He attempted to protect freed blacks from hostile conditions, but lacked adequate power, and was repeatedly frustrated by President Andrew Johnson.
Howard's allies, the Radical Republicans, won control of Congress in the 1866 elections and imposed Radical Reconstruction, with the result that freedmen were given the vote. With the help and advice of the Bureau, freedmen joined Republican coalitions and won at the ballot boxes of most of the southern states.  Howard was also a leader in promoting higher education for freedmen, most notably in founding Howard University in Washington and serving as its president 1867–73; and aided in the charter of Howard University and Atlanta University, now Clark Atlanta University, in 1867.
After 1874, Howard commanded troops in the West, conducting a famous campaign against the Nez Perce tribe. Utley (1987) concludes that his leadership against the Apaches in 1872, against the Nez Perce in 1877, the Bannocks and Paiutes in 1878, and against the Sheepeaters in 1879 all add up to a lengthy record, although he did not fight as much as George Custer and Nelson Miles.
Chaupal is a beautiful town located in district Shimla of Himachal Pradesh. Local people of town is blessed with Lord Lankkarveer . It is a nagar panchayat consisted of its derivative town Nerwa. Many Gram Panchayats came under Tehsil Chaupal . It is located at the height of 2550 mt. altitude.  Surrounding villages are Bodhna and Jarait in South , Devat and Kumbda in left side , Thanadhar in right side. CHAUPAL IS ALSO VERY BEST FOR APPLE CULTIVATION. Asia's richest village  MADAOG is also a village of Tehsil Chaupal. There are many visiting places in chaupal including tracking forest of Churdhar valley , many apple belts of Pundar valley and Rajwada of Tharoch Riyasat. It is located 100 km away from Rajdhaani Shimla.  Along Shimla route there is a beautiful station called RIUNI surrounded by Deodhaar trees and in front blessed by SHIRGUL MAHARAJ OF CHURDHAR. There are many temples located in Tehsil Chaupal , such as BIJAT MAHARAJ SARAIN , SHIRGUL MAHARAJ CHURDHAR, JAGA MATA NAO (SHAK), MAHESHWAR MAHARAJ MASHRAH , KANERA MAHARAJ SHAK , NAG DEVTA PUNDAR , BAMTA AND BHABHAR. Deiya a small village is also a attracted site of its beauty. Nerwa , a sub-tehsil of Chaupal is located at front of River Shalwi , surrounded by Gram Panchayat Ruslah and Rinjat and Kedi. It is only centre market and financial aspects for locals. 
Tehsil Chaupal is surrounded by Uttarakhand in east , Rohru Jubbal in North east , Deha-Balsan-Theog in North , Pulwahal in West and Sirmour in South direction.
The best time to visit is around April till August and September .
During winters it is overloaded by heavy snow and best places  for visiting are ..KHIDKI , RIUNI , CHAUPAL , SARAIN , DEIYA , PORAN , PANDRADA , THAROCH , LALLON , KUTAH , SHILLA And AULI.  
The people of Chaupal are very honest and hardworking. There basic nature is very sweet and good. They believe in their local Lords and worship them by many functions and cultures.
There are many beautiful festivals called SHAANT , BISHU , HARUL , PANJWI , CHIDEWALI , AND ALL.  
There are many regions that are well settled by Kshatriyas/Rajputs/Khoonds. 
Popular KHOONDS in Tehsil Chaupal are JOTHREW of KHOOND NEWAL that are devotees of JAGA MATA JANOG.and SANAI of Pragana Shak. The value of their sweat is also confirmed by King of RIYASAT JUBBAL.  And many other are PUNDARI , THUNDU , PAJAIK , SHILLU , THAROCHI  , CHAGAAN etc. 
Last But not Least ..Chaupal Is blessed with beauty , health , wealth and all other necessary and natural aspects.
Dolophones conifera, known as the wrap-around spider, is a species of spider in the family Araneidae indigenous to Australia. It is named for its ability to flatten and wrap its body around tree limbs as camouflage. It is found in Western Australia along with several other species from the genus Dolophones, and was first described in 1886.
Parliament-Funkadelic (abbreviated as P-Funk) is an American funk music collective of rotating musicians headed by George Clinton, primarily consisting of the bands Parliament and Funkadelic, both active since the 1960s. Their distinctive funk style drew on psychedelic culture, outlandish fashion, science-fiction, and surreal humor; it would have an influential effect on subsequent funk, post-punk, hip-hop, and post-disco artists of the 1980s and 1990s, while their collective mythology would help pioneer Afrofuturism.The collective's origins date back to the doo-wop group the Parliaments, formed by Clinton in the late 1950s in suburban Plainfield, New Jersey. Under the influence of late-1960s artists such as Jimi Hendrix, Sly Stone, and Frank Zappa, Clinton later relocated to Detroit and began the sister groups Parliament and Funkadelic, with the former playing an eclectic and more commercial form of funk, and the latter incorporating more influence from psychedelic rock. The groups released albums such as Maggot Brain (1971), Mothership Connection (1975), and One Nation Under a Groove (1978) to critical praise, and scored charting hits with singles such as "Give Up the Funk" (1976), "One Nation Under a Groove" (1978), and "Flash Light" (1978). Overall, the collective achieved thirteen top ten hits in the American R&B music charts between 1967 and 1983, including six number one hits.
The name "Parliament-Funkadelic" became the catch-all term for the dozens of related musicians recording and touring different projects in Clinton's orbit. Other prominent collective members have included bassist Bootsy Collins, keyboardist Bernie Worrell, and guitarists Eddie Hazel and Michael Hampton. By the early 1980s, Clinton and other members had begun solo careers, with Clinton also consolidating the collective's multiple projects and touring under names such as George Clinton and the P-Funk All-Stars. Some former members of Parliament perform under the name "Original P". Sixteen members of Parliament-Funkadelic were inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997. In 2019, the group was given the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.
The Government Degree College for Boys is an educational institute of South Jehlum Valley. It was established in 1950  as an intermediate co - educational college in Anantnag. Later it was shifted to its present location which was a rent house of the Maharaja. In the early eighties a women’s college was established in the town thereby, making it a seat of learning for boys only.
It was recognised by a national autonomous accreditation body NAAC Bangalore, in the year 2012 when it was accredited with grade “A” with CGPA:3.03.
Kamnara railway station is a railway station in Bardhaman–Katwa line under Howrah railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside Bardhaman–Katwa Road at Kamnara of Purba Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Cape Douglas is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located on the state’s south-east coast overlooking the body of water known in Australia as the Southern Ocean and by international authorities as the Great Australian Bight.  It is about 386 kilometres (240 miles) south-east of the state capital of Adelaide and 24 kilometres (15 miles) south of the municipal seat of Mount Gambier.Its boundaries were created on 31 October 1996 for the ‘long established name’ which is considered by the relevant government agency as being named after Douglas Point, a coastal feature within the locality’s boundaries and which was renamed as Cape Douglas on  18 January 1996 “to agree with the long established locally used name of the feature.”  The following shack sites have been included within the locality - the Cape Douglas Shack Site, also known as the Douglas Point Shack Site, and the Middle Point Shack Site.Cape Douglas consists of land along the coastline extending from Jones Bay in the west to the Middle Point Headland in the east and including the following features  - the Cape Douglas headland and Umpherstone Bay on its eastern side.The land use within the locality is dominated by agriculture with land adjoining the coastline which includes the protected area known as the Douglas Point Conservation Park being zoned for conservation and an area overlooking Umpherstone Bay being zoned for residential use.The 2016 Australian census which was conducted in August 2016 reports that Cape Douglas had a population of 58 people.Cape Douglas is located within the federal division of Barker, the state electoral district of Mount Gambier and the local government area of the District Council of Grant.
Edward Hopper Birthplace and Boyhood Home, also known as the Edward Hopper House Art Center, is an art center and historic home located at 82 North Broadway, 3 1/2 blocks north of Main Street, Nyack in Rockland County, New York. It is a 2-story, side hall, mid-19th-century Greek Revival–style dwelling with a 2+1⁄2-story, Queen Anne–style addition.  It was the home of noted artist Edward Hopper (1882–1967) from the time of his birth until he moved to Manhattan in 1910.  He held title to the house until his death.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Fritz Røed (15 August 1928 – 20 December 2002) was a Norwegian sculptor. He is most associated with his work, Sverd i fjell,  the commemorative monument that symbolizes the unification of the nation of Norway.
Astarte borealis, or the northern astarte, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Astartidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America, ranging from Greenland to Massachusetts.
Anton the Last (German: Anton, der Letzte) is a 1939 comedy film directed by E. W. Emo and starring Elfriede Datzig, Hans Moser, and O. W. Fischer. The film was made by Wien-Film, a Vienna-based company set up after Austria had been incorporated into Greater Germany following the 1938 Anschluss.
Paul David Huntington (born 17 September 1987) is an English professional footballer who is a centre back for Preston North End. He’s made over 300 appearances for the club to date.
Sąspów [ˈsɔ̃spuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowice-Przeginia, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Jerzmanowice and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1,361.
Castle Harlan is a private equity firm based in New York City. The company focuses on buyouts and growth capital investments in middle-market companies across a range of industries.  Founded in 1987, Castle Harlan invests in controlling interests in middle-market companies in North America and Europe, Australia and Southeast Asia through Castle Harlan Australian Mezzanine Partners.
Castle Harlan's team of 18 investment managers has completed over 50 acquisitions since its inception with a total value of approximately $10 billion.  The firm currently manages investment funds with equity commitments of approximately $3.5 billion.Castle Harlan has invested, through its five domestic funds, in more than 55 platform businesses that totaled over $11 billion of enterprise value.
Hugh Lester Hutchinson (13 December 1904 – February 1983) was a Labour politician who was elected to represent Manchester Rusholme in the 1945 General Election, winning the seat by ten votes.
Cannibal & the Headhunters were an American rock band from East Los Angeles, California, United States. They were one of the first Mexican-American groups to have a national hit record, "Land of a Thousand Dances", recorded on the Rampart label.  They were the opening act on The Beatles' second American tour, backed up by the King Curtis band. They played at the historic Shea Stadium concert from August 15 to August 30, during the 1965 tour that was headlined by The Beatles.
The 2013-2014 season was the 18th edition of the Lebanese Basketball League. The regular season began on Friday, January 31, 2014 and ended on Saturday April 19, 2014. The playoffs began on Friday, April 25 and ended with the 2014 Finals on Tuesday June 17, 2014, after Riyadi Beirut defeated Sagesse Beirut in 6 games to win their ninth title (new format).
The 1992 Saab International was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens, [Greece that was part of the World Series of the 1992 ATP Tour. It was the seventh edition of the tournament and was played from 5 October until 12 October 1992. Third-seeded Jordi Arrese won the singles title.
Hirasea sinuosa is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.
The width of the shell is 6 mm. The height of the shell is 3 mm.
The Rostroconchia is a class of extinct molluscs dating from the early Cambrian to the Late Permian. They were initially thought to be bivalves, but were later given their own class.  They have a single shell in their larval stage, and the adult typically has a single, pseudo-bivalved shell enclosing the mantle and muscular foot. The anterior part of the shell probably pointed downward and had a gap from which the foot could probably emerge. Rostroconchs probably lived a sedentary semi-infaunal lifestyle. There were probably more than 1,000 species of members of this class.
Approximately 3 dozen genera and an even greater number of species have been described. Generally, rostroconchs are small, less than two centimeters in length, but larger forms, found in United States Devonian limestones, can grow to a length of 15 cm.
Baf Ülkü Yurdu Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot sports club established in Paphos (Turkish: Baf, Greek: Πάφος) in 1947, and since 1974, the team has been playing its home games in Güzelyurt. With 4 Birinci Lig titles, 3 Cumhurbaşkanlığı Kupası (President's Cup), 2 Dr. Fazıl Küçük Kupası titles and 1 Başbakanlık Kupasi (Prime Minister's Cup) title to its name, the club is among the most successful sports clubs in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus football.
Numb Chucks is a Canadian animated television series that was created by Phil LaFrance and Jamie LeClaire and premiered on YTV in Canada on January 7, 2014. The series was focused on Dilweed and Fungus, two woodchucks with big hearts, who are obsessed with using their bungling kung-fu skills to protect the lives of the citizens in their town of Ding-a-Ling Springs. The series was cancelled, and its final episode aired on December 1, 2016, after a total of 52 episodes were produced.
The 2010–11 season marked the return of Newcastle United to the Premier League following a season in the Championship. They finished in 12th place.
Newcastle's early season form was erratic on their return to English football's top tier, with thrashings of Aston Villa and local rivals Sunderland and exceptional away victories at Everton and Arsenal offset by home defeats against Blackpool, Blackburn Rovers and Stoke City.
After a win over Arsenal sent Newcastle to fifth in the league, the team went on a winless run that ended in the controversial sacking of manager Chris Hughton. The club swiftly appointed Alan Pardew, last of third-tier Southampton, although Newcastle fans were suspicious due to alleged links with the club's unpopular owners. Despite the club's form still being reasonable, the owner's popularity decreased further after the transfer deadline day sale of local hero Andy Carroll for £35 million to Liverpool. The club posted one of the league's most incredible results, drawing 4–4 draw with Arsenal at St James' Park after being 4–0 down at half-time.
Wayne Hui Wang Fung (Chinese: 許宏鋒; born 4 February 1994 in Hong Kong) is a former Hong Kong professional footballer who played as a left back.
Robert Brooke Campbell Scarlett, 6th Baron Abinger (8 January 1876 – 10 June 1927) was a British peer.
Paróquia Nossa Senhora Aparecida dos Ferroviários is a church located in São Paulo, Brazil.
Odagaon Raghunath Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Rama in the town of Odagaon, Nayagarh district of Odisha in India.
The temple dates from the Middle Ages and is an important pilgrimage centre in Odisha. It is built in a typical Kalinga style of architecture and is topped by 3 golden kalashas.
Jaśkowice [jaɕkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Jaschkowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prószków, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
Hideya Okamoto (岡本 英也, Okamoto Hideya, born 18 May 1987 in Sakai, Osaka) is a Japanese footballer currently playing for Tiamo Hirakata.
The 1991 William & Mary Tribe football team represented the College of William & Mary as an independent during the 1991 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Led by Jimmye Laycock in his 12th year as head coach, William & Mary finished the season with a record of 5–6.
Earl of Radnor is a title which has been created twice. It was first created in the Peerage of England in 1679 for John Robartes, 2nd Baron Robartes, a notable political figure of the reign of Charles II. He was made Viscount Bodmin at the same time. Robartes was the son of Richard Robartes, who had been created Baronet in July 1621 and Baron Robartes, of Truro, in the Peerage of England in 1626. All three titles became extinct on the death of the fourth Earl in 1757. Anna Maria Hunt, great-niece of the fourth Earl, married the Hon. Charles Bagenal-Agar, youngest son of James Agar, 1st Viscount Clifden of Gowran. Their son Thomas James Agar-Robartes was created Baron Robartes in 1869. For more information on this title, see the Viscount Clifden.
The earldom was created for a second time in the Peerage of Great Britain in 1765 when William Bouverie, 2nd Viscount Folkestone, was made Earl of Radnor. The Bouverie family descends from William des Bouverie, a prominent London merchant. He was created a baronet, of St Catherine Cree Church, London, in the Baronetage of Great Britain in 1714. His eldest son, the second Baronet, represented Shaftesbury in the House of Commons. He was succeeded by his younger brother, the third Baronet. He sat as Member of Parliament for Salisbury until he was raised to the Peerage of Great Britain as Baron Longford and Viscount Folkestone in 1747.
His son, the second Viscount, also represented Salisbury in Parliament. In 1765 he was made Baron Pleydell-Bouverie, of Coleshill in the County of Berkshire, and Earl of Radnor. The earldom was created with remainder, failing heirs male of his body, to the heirs male of his father. Both peerages were in the Peerage of Great Britain. He was succeeded by his son, the second Earl. He was Member of Parliament for Salisbury and served as Lord Lieutenant of Berkshire. The second Earl assumed the additional surname of Pleydell after succeeding to the estates of his maternal grandfather, Sir Mark Stuart Pleydell, 1st Baronet (see Pleydell Baronets). His son, the third Earl, represented Downton and Salisbury in the House of Commons. On his death the titles passed to his son, the fourth Earl. He served as Lord Lieutenant of Wiltshire.
He was succeeded by his son, the fifth Earl. He sat as Conservative Member of Parliament for South Wiltshire and Enfield and held political office as Treasurer of the Household from 1885 to 1886 under Lord Salisbury. His son, the sixth Earl, represented Wilton (also known as South Wiltshire) in Parliament as a Conservative and served as Lord Lieutenant of Wiltshire. He was succeeded by his son, the seventh Earl. He notably held the honorary posts of Keeper of the Privy Seal and Lord Warden of the Stannaries and was made a Knight of the Garter in 1962. As of 2009 the titles are held by his grandson, also William Pleydell-Bouverie, the 9th Earl of Radnor, who succeeded his father in 2008.
Successive Earls of Radnor were governors of the French Hospital from the eighteenth century to 2015.The family seats are Longford Castle, near Salisbury, Wiltshire, and Alward House, near Alderbury, Wiltshire.
Stephen John Young  is a British researcher, Professor of Information Engineering at the University of Cambridge and an entrepreneur. He is one of the pioneers of automated speech recognition and statistical spoken dialogue systems. He served as the Senior Pro-Vice-Chancellor of the University of Cambridge from 2009 to 2015, responsible for Planning and Resources. From 2015 to 2019, he held a joint appointment between his professorship at Cambridge and Apple, where he was a senior member of the Siri development team.
Pizza Pops are a Canadian calzone-type snack produced by Pillsbury brand of General Mills. Pizza Pops are sold pre-cooked and frozen. Typically, they are reheated in a microwave oven. However, they may also be cooked in a conventional oven. They were invented by Paul Faraci (September 13, 1928 – February 6, 2018) of Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada in 1964; they were conceived as a modification of traditional cheese-filled Italian turnovers such as calzone or panzerotti, and created a snack staple in Canada that delivers a hand-held calzone, and supplies a quick pizza "fix." The rights to the pizza pop were later sold to Pillsbury. Pizza Pops are currently manufactured by General Mills at a factory in Winnipeg.They come in several varieties such as "Hawaiian", "Three Meat", "Pepperoni", "Pepperoni & Bacon", "Deluxe", "Cheese Burger", "Canadian", "Poutine" and "Three Cheese".  All varieties of Pops, except for the poutine, contain pizza sauce, pizza topping, and meat. However, the Three Cheese variety contains no meat. They may also contain vegetables, such as green peppers or mushrooms, and artificial colours and flavours, such as Yellow 5.
Pizza Pops are available only in Canada. Chili Pops and Veggie Pops were introduced at the same time in the 1980s, but were discontinued within a few years. Chili Pops were reintroduced along with the introduction of Fajita Pops in the 1990s, but both were also discontinued within a few years. 
Railcars is an American, San Francisco-based shitgaze project of Aria C Jalali. For the project's initial release, Jalali teamed up with Xiu Xiu front man Jamie Stewart to produce his follow up EP "Cities vs Submarines" in 2008 (released on Gold Robot Records). Jalali has said he will not be teaming with Stewart again to produce his next album, Cathedral With No Eyes," due to logistical reasons, namely Stewart's move to North Carolina. Railcars' music is described as having "pastel-coloured vocals suitably warped, but with a low-cut frenetic backdrop surrounding them."
Orchestra Luna was an American rock and roll band of the 1970s who had two incarnations, the first producing a hard-to-categorize mixture of cabaret, Broadway musicals, and rock, and the second a somewhat more traditional mix of pop and rock. Rick Berlin, at the time using his birth name of Richard Kinscherf, composed most of their songs, sang, and played keyboards. Rick was the driving force of the band and is the only person who was a member in all the various lineups.
On their eponymous debut album Orchestra Luna, the band consisted of:
Peter Barrett - Narration, VocalsThe second major version of the band included:
Mayura Park was built by Anak Agung Gde Ngurah Karangasem in 1866, located 2 km east Mataram.Mayura Park is a garden built by the king as a complement to the palace of the king. The Mayura Park also has a royal residence in the sense of being occupied by the king while resting in the garden, located in what is now the Padmasana.
Lotus Communications Corporation is a media company that owns numerous radio stations and a few TV stations, and is one of the largest privately owned radio station groups in the United States. Headquarters are located in Los Angeles, and the company's President and CEO is Howard Kalmenson.
The 6th Bengal European Regiment was an infantry regiment of the British East India Company, created in 1858 and disbanded in 1867.
The regiment was raised in Bengal by the East India Company in 1858, for service in the Indian Mutiny; the "European" in the name indicated that it was composed of white soldiers, not Indian sepoys. The regiment was composed of officers drawn from two Indian units which had mutinied, the 7th Bengal Native Infantry and 8th Bengal Native Infantry. 
As with all other "European" units of the Company, they were placed under the command of the Crown following the end of the Mutiny in 1858. The regiment was reduced to cadre strength in 1861, and disbanded in 1867.
Pokémon Detective Pikachu is a 2019 mystery film directed by Rob Letterman. Based on the Pokémon franchise, the film is a loose adaptation of the 2016 video game Detective Pikachu. It was written by Letterman, Dan Hernandez, Benji Samit and Derek Connolly, from a story by Hernandez, Samit and Nicole Perlman, and produced by Legendary Pictures and Toho. It was the first live-action Pokémon film and the first live-action film based on a Nintendo game property since Super Mario Bros. (1993).
Ryan Reynolds stars as the voice and facial motion capture of Pikachu, with Justice Smith, Kathryn Newton, Suki Waterhouse, Omar Chaparro, Chris Geere, Ken Watanabe and Bill Nighy in live-action roles. The plot follows a former Pokémon trainer Tim Goodman and the Pokémon creatures as they attempt to solve the mysterious disappearance of Tim's father, Harry.
Filming took place from January to May 2018 in Colorado, England and Scotland. Detective Pikachu was released in Japan on May 3, 2019 and in the United States on May 10, 2019, distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures in RealD 3D, Dolby Cinema, IMAX, 4DX, and ScreenX formats. It is the first Pokémon film distributed theatrically in the United States since Pokémon Heroes (2003) and the first distributed by Warner Bros. since Pokémon 3 (2001). The film received mixed reviews, with praise as a video game adaptation that would appeal to fans. It made a worldwide gross of $433 million. It is the second highest-grossing video game film adaptation behind Warcraft, also produced by Legendary Pictures.
"Another One Bites the Dust" is a song by the British rock band Queen. Written by bassist John Deacon, the song was featured on the group's eighth studio album The Game (1980). It was a worldwide hit, charting number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 for three weeks, from 4 October to 18 October (their second number-one single in the country). The song spent 15 weeks in the Billboard top 10 (the longest running top ten song of 1980), including 13 weeks in the top five, and 31 weeks total on the chart (more than any other song in 1980). It reached number two on the Hot Soul Singles chart and the Disco Top 100 chart, and number seven on the UK Singles Chart. The song is credited as Queen's best-selling single, with sales of over 7 million copies. This version was ranked at number 34 on Billboard's All-Time Top Songs.The song won an American Music Award for Favorite Rock Single and also garnered a Grammy Award nomination for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. "Another One Bites the Dust" has been covered, remixed and sampled by many artists since its release, and has also appeared in TV shows, commercials, films and other media. The song has also featured at sports events.
The Bishop of Guildford is the Ordinary of the Church of England Diocese of Guildford in the Province of Canterbury.
The title had first appeared as a suffragan See in the Diocese of Winchester in 1874. The Bishop suffragan of Guildford assisted the Bishop of Winchester in overseeing that diocese. Under George V, the Diocese of Guildford was created out of the north-eastern part of the Diocese of Winchester in 1927.
The diocese covers the western half of the County of Surrey. The see is in the town of Guildford where the seat is located at the Cathedral Church of the Holy Spirit which was built as a cathedral 1936 to 1965. The bishop's residence is Willow Grange, Jacobs Well — to the north of Guildford.
The incumbent bishop is Andrew Watson, 10th Bishop of Guildford, since the confirmation of his election on 24 November 2014.
Antonia Pantoja (September 13, 1922 – May 24, 2002), was a Puerto Rican educator, social worker, feminist, civil rights leader and the founder of ASPIRA, the Puerto Rican Forum, Boricua College and Producir. In 1996, she was the first Puerto Rican woman to receive the American Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Guatemala competed at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in Kazan, Russia from 24 July to 9 August 2015.
The Opera House and IOOF Lodge in Colville, Washington, also known as Colville Opera House and Odd Fellows Hall, served historically as a meeting hall and as a theater.  It shows Classical Revival architecture.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 as "Opera House and IOOF Lodge".It has historic and architectural importance.
Espen Hoff (born 20 November 1981) is a retired Norwegian professional footballer, born in Larvik. He is primarily a winger, but may also play as an attacking midfielder, whilst at Lyn he occasionally featured on the left wing. With 406 top division appearances, Hoff has made the sixth-highest number of appearances in Eliteserien.
The Jeux de la Francophonie (Canadian English: Francophonie Games; British English: Francophone Games) are a combination of artistic and sporting events for the Francophonie, mostly French-speaking nations, held every four years since 1989.
Lopagno is a village and former municipality in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.
In 2001 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Cagiallo, Roveredo, Sala Capriasca, Tesserete and Vaglio to form a new and larger municipality Capriasca.
Charles Massabo, also known as Kallaghan, is a French record producer, songwriter and musician, based in Los Angeles, California, United States, best known for his work with Falling in Reverse, Metro Station and other projects, such as Ronnie Radke's rap mixtape "Watch Me" and Jacky Vincent's solo project. Massabo produced and mixed Davey Suicide “Made from Fire” hitting Billboard charts #3 on Heatseakers, #14 on independent albums and #24 on top hard rock charts.
Syringophilosis borini (Bochkoz & Mironov, 1999, is a mite that parasitizes the garden warbler, Sylvia borin, from which it derives its name.
Rhododendron javanicum is a rhododendron species native to Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines. This evergreen shrub grows to 5 m (16 ft) with bright orange flowers in spring. Some forms from the Philippines may have red or bicoloured flowers, but are less often seen in cultivation.
Jacob Johann Köhler (23 November 1698 in Narva – 1757 in Tallinn) was an Estonian printer who published the first Estonian-language Bible in 1739.
Cherry Town (Russian: Черёмушки, romanized: Cheriomushki) is a 1962 Soviet musical film directed by Herbert Rappaport.
Vinyl emulation allows a user to physically manipulate the playback of digital audio files on a computer using the turntables as an interface, thus preserving the hands-on control and feel of DJing with vinyl. This has the added advantage of using turntables to play back audio recordings not available in phonograph form. This method allows DJs to scratch, beatmatch, and perform other turntablism that would be impossible with a conventional keyboard-and-mouse computer interface or less tactile control devices.
A digital vinyl system (DVS) may include a special time-coded vinyl record or be purely software.
Jindal Vijaynagar Airport (IATA: VDY, ICAO: VOJV) is an airport located in Toranagallu, a village in the Indian state of Karnataka. Because of its location near Vidyanagar Township, the airport is also known as Vidyanagar Airport. It is owned and operated by JSW Steel, which operates a steel mill in Toranagallu. The name Jindal Vijaynagar comes from the company Jindal Vijaynagar Steel Ltd (JVSL), which merged to form JSW Steel in 2005.
Formerly a private landing strip for JVSL employees, the airport was upgraded to receive its first commercial flights in December 2006, serving tourism and business interests in Bellary District. Regional airline TruJet started providing once daily flight service from Hyderabad and Bengaluru.
The Colonial Hills Conference was a New Jersey high school sports association under the jurisdiction of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). The conference comprised sixteen public, parochial, and private high schools covering Essex County, Morris County and Somerset County in north-central North Jersey.
Also known as the CHC, the conference disbanded after the 2008-09 school year as part of a major realignment of Northern New Jersey athletic leagues promulgated by the NJSIAA.  Most member schools moved to the Northwest Jersey Athletic Conference or the Super Essex Conference.
The Conference had two divisions for most sports, the Colonial Division and the Hills Division.
Stage hypnosis is hypnosis performed in front of an audience for the purposes of entertainment, usually in a theatre or club. A modern stage hypnosis performance typically delivers a comedic show rather than simply a demonstration to impress an audience with powers of persuasion. Apparent effects of amnesia, mood altering and hallucination may be demonstrated in a normal presentation. Stage hypnosis performances often encourage audience members to look further into the benefits of hypnotism.The causes of behaviour exhibited by volunteers in stage hypnosis shows is an area of dispute. Some claim it illustrates altered states of consciousness (i.e., "hypnotic trance"). Others maintain that it can be explained by a combination of psychological factors observed in group settings such as disorientation, compliance, peer pressure, and ordinary suggestion. Others yet allege that deception plays a part.
Try to Remember, is a 2004 mystery television film based on a short story ("The Funniest Thing Has Been Happening Lately") by Mary Higgins Clark that was shot in 2003 on location in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Canada.
Dolany [dɔˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lądek, 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Słupca, and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
Sir George Watson Shaw  (3 January 1858 – 27 November 1931) was a British colonial civil servant who was Lieutenant Governor of the British Crown Colony of Burma from 15 May to 1 November 1913.Shaw was born in Ardrossan, Ayrshire, Scotland, the son of Major Robert Shaw of the East India Company and his wife, John-Anne Kisson. He was educated at  Hertford Grammar School and King's College, London. He entered the Indian Civil Service in 1879 and he joined the Burma Commission in the same year. He was appointed Commissioner of Burma in 1901,  Judicial Commissioner of Upper Burma in 1905, and finally as Lieutenant-Governor for part of 1913.He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Star of India in 1908. He retired in 1914 and was knighted that same year.He died in Fulham, London, aged 73.
Heidi Hauge (born 14 October 1967) is a Norwegian singer of folk and country music. 
She began her career as a schlager singer. In 1999 she was noted by a manager of the Norwegian label Showtime Records, thereby signing her first contract. The following year she published her debut album, Country Time.In 2001 her third album, Country Girl, reached the 15th place in the Norwegian album charts. Her best standing was the 7th place in 2004, with the same album. Six of her albums also entered the Danish charts, four of them in the top ten.
By the end of 2002, with four published albums, Heidi Hauge had sold 170,000 records in Norway and 25,000 in Denmark, where she had appeared in a TV 2 program to promote her music.The majority of her songs are covers of country music classics, most of them in English but also in the Norwegian language. She released digital release in 2021
Karakoca is a village in the Karacabey district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
The League of Ireland First Division (Irish: Céad Roinn Sraith na hÉireann), also known as the SSE Airtricity League First Division, is the second level division in both the League of Ireland and the Republic of Ireland football league system. The division was formed in 1985. It replaced the League of Ireland B Division as the League of Ireland's second level division. Since 2003 the First Division has operated as a summer league.
"Born of Man and Woman" is a science fiction short story by American writer Richard Matheson, originally published in the July 1950 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction.  It was his first professional sale, written when he was twenty-two years old. It became the title piece in Matheson's first short story collection in 1954.
Tomáš Pekhart (born 26 May 1989) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a forward for Ekstraklasa club Legia Warsaw. He has represented the Czech Republic at both junior and senior level.
Crystola is an unincorporated community in El Paso and Teller counties, Colorado, United States.  ZIP code 80863 serves Crystola, but mail must be addressed to Woodland Park.On 27 June 2012, the town came under a mandatory evacuation notice due to the Waldo Canyon Fire.
Panscopus is a genus of broad-nosed weevils in the family Curculionidae. There are at least 20 described species in Panscopus.
Aldo Tambellini (29 April 1930 – 12 November 2020) was an Italian-American artist. He pioneered electronic intermedia, and was a painter, sculptor, and poet. He died at age 90, in November 2020.
Ferdinand Deppe (1794–1861) was a German naturalist, explorer and painter. He was born and died in Berlin.
Deppe travelled to Mexico in 1824. He collected natural history specimens for the Berlin Museum with Count von Sack and William Bullock. He also collected in California and Hawaii on his way home in 1830. Some of his American flies were described by Christian Rudolph Wilhelm Wiedemann in Aussereuropäische Zweiflügelige Insekten published in Hamm (1828–1830).
In the field of herpetology, he is commemorated in the specific epithets of Abronia deppii (Deppe's arboreal alligator lizard), Aspidoscelis deppii (blackbelly racerunner), Pituophis deppei (Mexican pine snake), and Tantilla deppei (Deppe's centipede snake). His name is also associated with Herichthys deppii (Nautla cichlid), Deppe's squirrel (Sciurus deppei )  and Oxalis deppei, the so-called "lucky four-leaf clover".He was the younger brother of Wilhelm Deppe, an accountant with the zoological museum of Berlin.
Benjamin Szőllős (born 27 October 1996) is an Israeli alpine ski racer from Budapest, Hungary.His younger brother is the fellow alpine ski racer Barnabás Szőllős.
Private Room is the third studio album by American singer Avant. It was released by Geffen Records on December 9, 2003 in the United States. The album marked his debut release under the label following the absorbance of his previous label, MCA Records, in early 2003. Avant reunited with frequent collaborator  Steve "Stone" Huff to work on the album, with additional production provided by Warryn Campbell. Upon its release, Private Room peaked at number four on the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number 18 on the US Billboard 200. Its lead single "Read Your Mind" reached number 13 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Tsuga diversifolia, commonly known as the northern Japanese hemlock, or in Japanese, kometsuga (米栂), is a species of conifer native to the Japanese islands of Honshū, Kyūshū, and Shikoku. In Europe and North America, the species is sometimes employed as tree for the garden and has been in cultivation since 1861.
Microspermum is a genus of Mexican flowering plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family.
The Zolas are a Canadian indie rock band based in Vancouver, British Columbia and are signed to Light Organ Records. The band was formed by duo Zachary Gray (vocals/guitar) and Tom Dobrzanski (piano/keyboards/backing vocals), with various session musicians supporting them live and on record. The group has since expanded, adding Dwight Abell (bass/backing vocals) and Cody Hiles (drums/backing vocals) permanently to their lineup in 2015. In 2017, The Zolas received a Juno Award nomination for Group of the Year. Later that year, founding member Tom Dobrzanski left the band to spend time with his newborn child but is still involved with production. The trio were later joined by touring members Bronson Izzard (guitar). in 2019 and Elisa Kady Pangsaeng (samples, programming) in 2021.
UDP-2-acetamido-3-amino-2,3-dideoxy-glucuronate N-acetyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.201, WbpD, WlbB) is an enzyme with systematic name acetyl-CoA:UDP-2-acetamido-3-amino-2,3-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucuronate N-acetyltransferase. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
   CoA + UDP-2,3-diacetamido-2,3-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucuronateThis enzyme participates in the biosynthetic pathway for UDP-alpha-D-ManNAc3NAcA (UDP-2,3-diacetamido-2,3-dideoxy-alpha-D-mannuronic acid).
Mika Pekka Raatikainen (born 7 November 1961) is a Finnish politician, policeman and a member of Finnish Parliament, representing the Finns Party. Raatikainen was born in Helsinki. He was first elected as a substitute member to the parliament in 2011, and became member of parliament on 4 July 2014, when Jussi Halla-aho left to the European Parliament. In the 2015 parliamentary election, Raatikainen got 3,370 votes and got elected.Raatikainen was not re-elected in the 2019 parliamentary election, but again took the seat of Halla-aho as a substitute in April 2019, due to Halla-aho's ongoing term in the European Parliament.Before a career in the politics, Raatikainen had a long career in the Helsinki Police Department, in which he started working in 1983. He has a Lebanese wife, who he first met in Italy in 2006.
Jurgen Ekkelenkamp (born 5 April 2000) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club Hertha BSC.
Vilnius Bus Station (Lithuanian: Vilniaus autobusų stotis) is the main bus station in Vilnius, Lithuania. It is located next to Vilnius Railway Station.
United States vs. Reality Winner is a 2021 American documentary film, directed and produced by Sonia Kennebeck. Wim Wenders serves as an executive producer. It follows Reality Winner, who leaked a top secret document about Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections to the media. 
The film had its world premiere at South by Southwest on March 17, 2021.
Afghan society is consistent in its attitudes toward the underlying principles of gender. It is the application of these principles that varies from group to group; and there is a wide range of standards set for accepted female behavior, as well as differences in male attitudes toward correct treatment of women. Contradictions arise between traditional customary practices, many of which impinge on the rights of women and are alien to the spirit of Islam, the other functioning canon which emphasizes equality, justice, education and community service for both men and women. Further, the dictates of Islam are themselves subject to diverse interpretation among reformists and Islamists.Gender reform was central to the contentious issues which brought about the fall of King Amanullah in 1929. In 1959, the male-oriented government of Prime Minister Daud Khan supported the voluntary removal of the veil and the end of seclusion for women. The 1964 Constitution automatically enfranchised women and guaranteed them the right to education and freedom to work.
Jeff Seymour is an American-Canadian actor, best known for his roles in Canadian television series such as Jeff Ltd., The Eleventh Hour, Show Me Yours, and Being Erica.
Born in Washington, D.C., and raised in Virginia. He began his career in the entertainment industry in 1979. He was seen in such classic shows such as Knots Landing, Hill Street Blues, Bosom Buddies, The Jeffersons, and Eight is Enough. He began teaching acting in 1980. Early on, while working in television as an actor, he designed and built The Gnu Theatre which went on to become one of LA's most awarded and respected theaters. He work in Breakout Kings as Ronald Barnes. Seymour directed and produced all the shows there. He later moved to Canada spending a total of 15 years in Canada working in the film and television industry and starred in three different T.V. series, The Eleventh Hour, Show Me Yours and Jeff Ltd., which he co-created and co-wrote. Seymour was also one of the directors and executive producers. He won the "Gemini Award" (the Canadian Emmy) for Best Performance by an Actor in a Continuing Leading Dramatic Role as Kamal Azizi in The Eleventh Hour. Seymour was nominated a total of three times for that role and once for Best Comedy Series as Executive Producer for Jeff Ltd.. Seymour went on to guest star in such shows as Homeland, The Expanse, Suits and Seal Team. Seymour has been an acting coach for 39 years. He has traveled the country, as well as in Canada and Australia, teaching his Real Life Actor approach. He currently has a very successful Podcast, Real Life Actor with 120 episodes on iTunes, Stitcher, Podomatic and Spotify.
In 2014, Seymour wrote a book on acting The Real Life Actor, available on Amazon.com.
He currently teaches acting classes in Santa Monica, Vancouver, Toronto and New York.
Goodhouse (Nama: Gádaos) is a town in Nama Khoi Local Municipality in the Northern Cape province of South Africa.
Locality with a landing-strip, on the southern bank of the Orange River, 60 km south-west of Warmbad and 60 km east-south-east of Vioolsdrif. The name is a folk etymological adaptation of the Khoekhoen Gudaos, 'sheep ford', said to be the place where the Namas crossed the Orange River with their sheep when they trekked from Little Namaqualand to Great Namaqualand.
Daniel J. Terra (8 June 1911 – 28 June 1996) was a scientist, businessman, and art collector. A first-generation Italian-American, Terra earned a chemical engineering degree from Pennsylvania State University in 1931, and founded Lawter Chemicals in Chicago in 1940. The success of his global enterprise enabled him to pursue his cultural interests, assembling an art collection and participating in several Chicago arts institutions.
Agawam is a city in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 28,692 at the 2020 census. Agawam sits on the western side of the Connecticut River, directly across from Springfield, Massachusetts. It is considered part of the Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is contiguous with the Knowledge Corridor area, the 2nd largest metropolitan area in New England. Agawam contains a subsection, Feeding Hills.  The Six Flags New England amusement park is located in Agawam, on the banks of the Connecticut River.
Chad Michael Overhauser (born June 17, 1975) is a former American football offensive lineman. He attended the University of California, Los Angeles, where he was an All-American in 1997.
Les animaux dénaturés is a 1952 novel by Jean Bruller under his pseudonym Vercors. English-language editions appeared under the titles You Shall Know Them, The Murder of the Missing Link, and Borderline. The author adapted it into a play, Zoo ou l'Assassin philanthrope. The novel was adapted into the motion picture Skullduggery (1970), starring Burt Reynolds.
Anne Simpson is a Canadian poet, novelist, artist and essayist. She was a recipient of the Griffin Poetry Prize.
Anton M. Storch, Anton M. Storch, for/also: Anton Michael Storch or Anton Maria Storch or Anton Monachus Storch or Anton Max Storch or Anton Martin Storch, (23 December 1813 – 31 December 1887) was an Austrian composer and choral director.
Società per azioni (S.p.A. or spa) is a form of corporation in Italy, meaning "company with shares" (although often translated as "joint-stock company", which may or may not be a limited liability entity). It is more or less equivalent to S.A. or public limited company (Plc) in other countries.
The other common form of corporation in Italy was società a responsabilità limitata (S.r.l.) (literally: limited liability company). S.p.A. issued shares (Italian: azioni), while in S.r.l. the unit was quote/stock of share capital. Moreover, the articles of association of S.r.l. allowed different allocation of profit and assets, which was more comparable to a limited partnership.Since 2016, banks are required to run as S.p.A. if their assets are more than a defined threshold. This saw the blue chips of the FTSE MIB Index: Banco BPM, BPER Banca, UBI Banca, demutualized from S.c.p.a., S.c. a.r.l., or S.c. legal forms  (respectively, co-operative company by shares, co-operative company with limited liability, and co-operative company).
FC Energetik Karaköl is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Karaköl, Kyrgyzstan that played in the top division in Kyrgyzstan, the Kyrgyzstan League.
Brachyolene albostictica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1948. It is known from Gabon.
An optical dilatometer is a non-contact device able to measure thermal expansions or sintering kinetics of any kind of materials, unlike traditional push rod dilatometer, it can push up to the dilatometric softening of the specimen. It is a device for measuring changes in the dimensions of a specimen, optically, the achieved resolution can result in greater values than those of a conventional pushrod dilatometer. A monochromatic light source, such as a laser, illuminates the specimen. Some of the light is reflected by the specimen and interferes with the incoming light, creating optical interference fringes. As the specimen contracts or expands, there is a proportional movement of the interference fringes, which can be measured using a camera system. The measurement resolution is determined by the wavelength of the light, and is typically 0.5 μm for blue light. Optical dilatometers are used to measure thermal expansion.
The optical dilatometer is in fact complementary to the traditional higher resolution push rod dilatometer when it comes to measure dimensional changes of materials, as a function of temperature, and no contact between specimen and instrument is required.
Petrika Ionesco (born Petrică Ionescu; 13 October 1946) is a Romanian-born French stage director, scenic designer and playwright.
Dambarawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province. Its name comes from ancient times as there were many Damba trees there. There is a small beautiful lake.
You can visit this village from Kandy 9 km. Another Dambarawa  village  located near Mahiyangana, which is a few miles away.
The Carshalton by-election of 11 March 1976 was held after the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) Robert Carr  was elevated to the House of Lords. The Conservatives held on to the seat in the by-election.
The 2003 Houston Cougars football team, also known as the Houston Cougars, Houston, or UH represented the University of Houston in the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season.  It was the 58th year of season play for Houston. The team was coached by first year head football coach, Art Briles.  The team played its home games at Robertson Stadium, a 32,000-person capacity stadium on-campus in Houston.
The 2016 St. Petersburg Bowl was a post-season American college football bowl game that was played on December 26, 2016 at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States. The ninth edition of the St. Petersburg Bowl featured the Miami Redhawks from the Mid-American Conference against the Mississippi State Bulldogs from the Southeastern Conference.
Thaïs is a novel by French writer Anatole France, published in 1890. It is based on events in the life of Saint Thaïs of Egypt, a legendary convert to Christianity who is said to have lived in the 4th century. It was the inspiration for the 1894 opera of the same name by Jules Massenet.
This is a list of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in the U.S. state of Massachusetts.
The Archdeacon of Lismore was a senior ecclesiastical officer within firstly the Diocese of Lismore until 1363; the Diocese of Waterford and Lismore from 1363 until 1838; and finally the Diocese of Cashel and Waterford, during which time it was combined with other Archdeaconries.
The archdeaconry can trace its history from Gilbert, the first known incumbent, who held the office in the first half of the thirteenth century to the last discrete incumbent Robert Scott Bradshaw Burkitt. As such he was responsible for the disciplinary supervision of the clergy and the upkeep of diocesan property within that diocese; and later, part of it.
McCarthy Airport (IATA: MXY, ICAO: PAMX, FAA LID: 15Z) is a state owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of McCarthy, in the Valdez-Cordova Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. Scheduled passenger service is subsidized by the Essential Air Service program.
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 48 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 65 enplanements in 2009, and 54 in 2010. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation airport.
Crealy Theme Park & Resort, formerly Crealy Adventure Park & Resort, is Southwest England's largest family Theme Park attraction and is home to over 60 rides, attractions, live shows and a zoo. Located just outside Exeter and set in over 100 acres of countryside the business also consists of a large lodge, glamping and camping park that includes themed accommodation with a variety of entertainment, sports and leisure facilities.
The Durham School was a historic schoolhouse on Durham Road (County Road 183) in Durham, Arkansas.  It was a single-story Craftsman style stone structure, with a gable roof, and entrances at the opposite gable ends.  Built in 1829, the school had three classrooms and space for a teacher's living quarters.  It was used until the Durham school district was consolidated into that of Elkins in 1948.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.  The building has since been destroyed by fire, and was delisted from the Register in 2018.
Pinacosterna is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, containing the following species:
Gribovo (Russian: Грибово) is a rural locality (a village) in Petushinskoye Rural Settlement, Petushinsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 44 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
The Inter-University Center for Japanese Language Studies (アメリカカナダ大学連合日本研究センター, Amerika Kanada Daigaku Rengō Nihon Kenkyū Sentā), or IUC, is a Japanese language school located in the Minato Mirai area of Yokohama, Japan.  Operated by a consortium of universities, the IUC provides advanced-level instruction to both undergraduate and graduate students and is considered one of the most selective and rigorous Japanese language programs in the world.
Thomas William Glover (born 24 December 1997) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for A-League side Melbourne City.
The Cadenazzo–Luino railway is a railway line that joins Switzerland and Italy.
Jose the Galilean (Hebrew: רַבִּי יוֹסֵי הַגְּלִילִי, Rabbi Yose HaGelili), d. 15 Av, was a Jewish sage who lived in the 1st and 2nd centuries CE. He was one of the Tannaim, the rabbis whose work was compiled in the Mishna.
The Denza X is a crossover SUV launched in Guangzhou Auto Show 2019 by Denza, a joint venture between Chinese automaker BYD Auto and German luxury car brand Mercedes-Benz.
Cerebos Pacific Limited (CPL) was a company selling health supplements, food and coffee products across the Asia-Pacific region. Most of the company assets are now owned by Kraft Heinz which acquired them from Suntory Holdings in 2018.
Alan Abela-Wadge (born 15 March 1987) is a Maltese politician who is a councillor on the Msida Local Council. He was elected on behalf of the Nationalist Party. Abel-Wadge is the President of the College of Local Councillors - Nationalist Party (KKLPN) and a member of the Nationalist Party's Executive Committee and Administrative committee.
Udayagiri (Odia: ଉଦୟଗିରି) is the largest Buddhist complex in the Indian state of Odisha. It is composed of major stupas and monasteries (viharas). Together with the nearby complexes of Lalitgiri and Ratnagiri, it is part of the "Diamond Triangle" of the "Ratnagiri-Udayagiri-Lalitgiri" complex.  It used to be thought that one or all of these were the Pushpagiri Vihara known from ancient records, but this has now convincingly located at a different site. Per epigraphical artifacts found at the site, Udayagiri's historical name was "Madhavapura Mahavihara." This Buddhist complex, preceded by the Ratnagiri and Lalitgiri sites, with their monasteries, is believed to have been active between the 7th and the 12th centuries.
Fluidized bed combustion (FBC) is a combustion technology used to burn solid fuels.
In its most basic form, fuel particles are suspended in a hot, bubbling fluidity bed of ash and other particulate materials (sand, limestone etc.) through which jets of air are blown to provide the oxygen required for combustion or gasification. The resultant fast and intimate mixing of gas and solids promotes rapid heat transfer and chemical reactions within the bed. FBC plants are capable of burning a variety of low-grade solid fuels, including most types of coal, coal waste and woody biomass, at high efficiency and without the necessity for expensive fuel preparation (e.g., pulverising). In addition, for any given thermal duty, FBCs are smaller than the equivalent conventional furnace, so may offer significant advantages over the latter in terms of cost and flexibility.
FBC reduces the amount of sulfur emitted in the form of SOx emissions. Limestone is used to precipitate out sulfate during combustion, which also allows more efficient heat transfer from the boiler to the apparatus used to capture the heat energy (usually water tubes). The heated precipitate coming in direct contact with the tubes (heating by conduction) increases the efficiency. Since this allows coal plants to burn at cooler temperatures, less NOx is also emitted. However, burning at low temperatures also causes increased polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon emissions. FBC boilers can burn fuels other than coal, and the lower temperatures of combustion (800 °C / 1500 °F) have other added benefits as well.
Carlos Agustín Ahumada Kurtz (born 1964) is an entrepreneur of dual Argentine-Mexican nationality. His main areas of business are mining, construction and football. He founded the El Independiente newspaper in Mexico and was a partner and founding member of Colegio de Imagen Pública A.C.
He gained public notoriety in 2004, when he denounced corruption of top officials in the government of Mexico City, going public with videos showing him being extorted by public officials. This episode became known as the "video scandal".
He was apprehended in Havana by Cuban authorities, acting on an extradition request by Mexico, and later deported.
On May 8, 2007, he was released from prison, cleared of all charges. 
Several analysts and columnists considered Ahumada a "political prisoner".On December 28, 2007, the Federal District Human Rights Commission (Comisión de Derechos Humanos del Distrito Federal CDHDF) issued its recommendation 19/2007, addressed to the Government Secretariat of the Federal District (Secretaría de Gobierno del Distrito Federal) and  the General Justice Department of the Federal District (Procuraduría General de Justicia del Distrito Federal), requesting them to offer public apologies to Carlos Ahumada and his family. Ahumada was the subject of an article by Fidel Castro, entitled "El Gigante de las Siete Leguas, Parte II".In May 2009, Ahumada published his first book: Derecho de réplica.Carlos Ahumada, wanted by the Attorney General of Mexico, was arrested in Argentina on August 16, 2019.Currently, Carlos Ahumada is President of Club Sportivo Estudiantes in the province of San Luis, Argentina, a football team competing in the Torneo Argentino "A" of the Asociación del Fútbol Argentino (AFA).
The Howrah Indoor Stadium is a multi-purpose indoor stadium located at Dumurjala, Howrah, West Bengal, India. It is the only indoor stadium in Howrah district, designed as a venue for indoor sports, cultural events and other programs.
Jørgen Brønlund (14 December 1877 – November 1907), was a Greenlandic polar explorer, educator, and catechist. He participated in two Danish expeditions to Greenland in the early 20th century.
Kirovskoye (Russian: Кировское) is a rural locality (a village) in Kaltymanovsky Selsoviet, Iglinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 62 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Guarea crispa is a species of plant in the family Meliaceae. It is endemic to Brazil.  It is threatened by habitat loss.
William John Lelivelt  (October 21, 1884 – February 14, 1968) was a professional baseball pitcher.  He played Major League Baseball for the Detroit Tigers in 1909 and 1910.  He appeared in five major league games and compiled an 0–2 record in 29 innings pitched with an earned run average (ERA) of 3.41.
2B1 Oka (Russian: 2Б1 Ока) is a Soviet 420 mm self-propelled heavy artillery. 2B1 is its GRAU designation.
Project Shield is an anti-distributed-denial-of-service (anti-DDoS) service that is offered by Jigsaw, a subsidiary of Google, to websites that have "media, elections, and human rights related content." The main goal of the project is to serve "small, under-resourced news sites that are vulnerable to the web's growing epidemic of DDOS attacks", according to team lead George Conard.Google initially announced Project Shield at their Ideas Conference on October 21, 2013. The service was initially only offered to trusted testers, but on February 25, 2016, Google opened up the service to any qualifying website a Google-owned reverse proxy that identifies and filters malicious traffic. In May 2018, Jigsaw announced that it would start offering free protection from distributed denial of service attacks to US political campaigns, candidates, and political action committees.
Shah Neshin Asiab Sar castle (Persian: قلعه شاه نشین آسیاب سر) is a historical castle located in Behshahr County in Mazandaran Province, The longevity of this fortress dates back to the Early centuries of historical periods after Islam.
Alain Dorval (born Alain Bergé born April 17, 1946) is a French voice actor born in Algiers. He is best known as the official dub-over artist of Sylvester Stallone, Nick Nolte, and the Disney character Pete. His voice can also be heard on the radio stations Skyrock and ADO.
Sacha Yevgeny Golob (born 19 October 1981) is a British philosopher and a Reader in the Department of Philosophy at King's College London. Golob is known for his expertise on French and German philosophy, in particular the work of Immanuel Kant and Martin Heidegger.
In enzymology, a sepiapterin deaminase (EC 3.5.4.24) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
   xanthopterin-B2 + NH3Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are sepiapterin and H2O, whereas its two products are xanthopterin-B2 and NH3.
This enzyme belongs to the family of hydrolases, those acting on carbon-nitrogen bonds other than peptide bonds, specifically in cyclic amidines.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is sepiapterin aminohydrolase.
Filipp Diomidovich Nefyodov (Филипп Диомидович Нефёдов, 18 October 1838 in Ivanovo, Vladimir Governorate, Russian Empire – 25 March 1902 in Vladimir Governorate, Russian Empire) was a Russian writer, journalist, editor (Remeslennaya Gazeta, 1875-1876; Russky Kurjer, 1879), ethnographer and archeologist who made hundreds of excavations in Povolzhye, Ural and West Siberia, studying ancient kurgans.Nefyodov have always sympathized with the Russian left radicalism; in March 1881, after the assassination of Tsar Alexander II, he was arrested and briefly incarcerated for having links with Sophia Perovskaya and Andrei Zhelyabov. He is credited with being the first in Russia to publish the story of Salawat Yulayev, a legendary Bashkir rebel, whose name up until then it had been considered risky to mention.
Nefyodov's critically acclaimed short story collection Na miru (На миру, Among People) came out in 1872. The Works of Filipp Nefyodov in 4 volumes was published in 1894-1900.
Balık ekmek (IPA: Ba'lɯk ek'mek) is a common street food item in Turkish cuisine.  It is a sandwich of a filet of fried or grilled fish (typically mackerel, or other similar oily fish), served along with various vegetables, inside a bun of Turkish  bread.  It is typically served on the Eminönü square straight from the boat on which it is prepared.
The name is a combination of the Turkish words balık (fish) and ekmek (bread).
The Buddhapad Hoard or Buddam Hoard is a large cache of Buddhist sculptures found near the town of Buddam in Andhra Pradesh, southern India. Since 1905, it has formed an important part of the British Museum's South Asian collection. Dating from 6th-8th centuries AD, the style of craftsmanship fuses the northern influences of the Gupta period with the southern traditions of the Deccan, which in turn greatly influenced Buddhist art in South East Asia in subsequent centuries.
St Peter's Bridge carries the A5189 road across the River Trent in Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire, England. Opened in 1985, the 800-metre (2,600 ft) long reinforced concrete bridge is the most recent road crossing of the Trent. It was closed for more than two months in 2017 for major repair works.
The FPG-9 Foam Plate Glider is a simple, hand-launched glider made from a 9 inch (23 cm) foam dinner plate, featuring a moveable rudder and elevons, allowing for an inexpensive way to teach basic flight mechanics.
The model was created by Jack Reynolds, a volunteer at the Academy of Model Aeronautics' (AMA) National Model Aviation Museum. Originally the model was used as a hands-on activity for museum visitors and museum outreach. In 2004, the AMA incorporated the model into Aerolab, an instructional program developed for middle school physical science and math programs, that uses simple flying model aircraft as tools to teach Force and Motion.
Today, besides the AMA, numerous other groups are now using the FPG-9. It may be built and flown to satisfy an elective activity for the Boy Scouts of America Aviation Merit Badge. The Children's Museum of Indianapolis uses it as part of their CSI: Flight Adventures Project, an educational program highlighting the use of model aircraft as scientific tools for research for grades 3 - 5. The National Museum of the United States Air Force also uses the model as part of their educational programming to include Project Soar (Science in Ohio through Aerospace Resources).
Buccinanops cochlidium, common name the gradated bullia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
Lake Kucherla (Кучерлинское) is located in the Altai Mountains and Katun Nature Reserve of Siberia. Together with Lake Teletskoye, Belukha Mountain and the Ukok Plateau it forms a natural UNESCO World Heritage Site entitled "Golden Mountains of Altai".
The lake is surrounded by alpine meadows and peaks over 3,000 metres (9,800 ft) high. It is situated at the height of 1,790 metres (5,870 ft) above mean sea level, stretching for 4.67 kilometres (2.90 mi) from north to south. The lake area is 3 square kilometres (1.2 sq mi). It is up to 54.8 metres (180 ft) deep. The lake is popular with tourists and holds a stock of grayling.
Lohnder Bach is a small river of Lower Saxony, Germany. It flows into the Leine in Lohnde.
Daiichi-Kashima Seamount is a guyot in the Pacific Ocean off Japan. It is about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) high and reaches a depth of 3,540 metres (11,610 ft). Daiichi-Kashima formed during the Barremian as a result of volcanic activity; during the Albian reefs formed on the seamount and generated a limestone cap. The seamount later.
The seamount has been approaching the Japan Trench and a noticeable vertical offset of about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) between the eastern and western halves of Daiichi-Kashima appears to be the result of normal faulting as the seamount enters the trench, with the western half dropping down; it may also reflect a past sector collapse when the volcano was still active.
Hydro Thunder is an inshore powerboat racing video game, originally an arcade game and later released for the Sega Dreamcast as a launch title in 1999. It was also released for PlayStation and Nintendo 64 in early 2000. This game is part of Midway's Thunder series of racing games, which includes Offroad Thunder, 4 Wheel Thunder, and Arctic Thunder. Hydro Thunder Hurricane, a sequel to Hydro Thunder, was later released for the Xbox 360 on July 27, 2010 on Xbox Live Arcade.
Nunica is an unincorporated community in the U.S. state of Michigan. The community is located near the center of Crockery Township in Ottawa County, close to the junction of Interstate 96 (I-96) M-104 and M-231 at 43°04′47″N 86°04′02″W. The first white settlers were Manley Patchin in 1836 and William Hathaway, Jr., in 1839. Hathaway became the first postmaster of Crockery Creek on February 7, 1848. The name of the post office was changed to Nunica on January 8, 1859. The settlement was first platted by Henry Ernst in 1865. The name Nunica is derived from the Native American word menonica, meaning "clay earth", from which pottery was made. This clay was also the origin for the name of Crockery Creek. The Nunica ZIP code 49448 serves most of Crockery Township, as well as portions of Sullivan Township in Muskegon County to the north and small areas of Polkton Township to the east.
Ling Zhang (Chinese: 张翎; born in 1957) is a former senior audiologist and fiction writer in Toronto, Canada. She was born in Wenzhou, China and came to Canada in 1986 to pursue her MA in English at University of Calgary. She obtained her second MA degree in Communication disorders at the University of Cincinnati. She has published nine novels and several collections of novellas and short stories in Chinese. One of her novels,《金山》, has been translated into English, French, and German. She has won numerous important literary prizes in China.
In 2009, Zhang's novella, Aftershock (2010 film), a tale about the survival of the horrific 1976 Tangshan earthquake, was made into China's first IMAX movie, directed by Feng Xiaogang. This movie became the greatest box office success at the time and has grossed more than US$100 million at the Chinese box office.According to The Wall Street Journal, Aftershock opens the Imax market to Chinese films. The abc NEWS also mentions that Aftershock becomes the highest-grossing film in China.In 2011, a lawsuit was launched against Zhang Ling for alleged copyright infringement from works by three Canadian writers. However, the case was closed with no judgment against either of the parties.
A Single Swallow, the English version of Zhang's novel《劳燕》, listed on 2017 Sina best ten books list/2017 新浪年度十大好书,  published by Amazon Crossing in October 2020, has immediately caught the media and readers' interestand was reviewed as “a literary work suffused with prodigious and descriptive exposition.” A Single Swallow became Amazon’s #1 Kindle bestseller in Chinese literature and WWII historical fiction. The novel also was the winner of AudioFile Earphones Award and was listed with The New York Times Globetrotting 2021.
St. Theresa of Lisieux Catholic High School is a Catholic high school in Richmond Hill, a suburb of the Greater Toronto Area in Canada. The school is named after St. Theresa of Lisieux. The school was founded by the York Catholic District School Board in 2002. The first graduating class was that of 2005. The graduating class of 2006 was the first class to have gone through all four grades at this school.
The school team name is The Lions, with the mascot being Roary the Lion. St. Theresa's athletics offers a wide variety of sports and other recreational events held throughout the school year.
St. Theresa of Lisieux Catholic High School also offers the AP (Advanced Placement) and pre-AP program for students. Students in this regular program have the opportunity to participate in differentiated courses in English, Mathematics, Science, and Social Sciences.
Aleksandra Nikolaenko (Александра Николаенко Николаенко, born 1976) is a Russian writer and artist, the winner 2017 Russian Booker prize.
Henderson v. United States, 568 U.S. 266 (2013), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held regardless of whether a legal question was settled or unsettled at the time of trial, an error is "plain" within the meaning of Rule 52(b) of Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure so long as the error was plain at the time of appellate review.
The Republic of Ireland national football team, as governed by the Football Association of Ireland, has featured many players who were not born in the Republic of Ireland. The first player to be capped after qualifying through his parents' nationality was Shay Brennan, who made his debut in a World Cup qualifier against Spain in 1965.The majority of these players were born in England, mostly the North West and London due to the large Irish diaspora in those areas. Most famously, in the late 1980s and 1990s the Republic of Ireland manager Jack Charlton sought out players in England and used what became known as the "granny rule", with the stronger pool of talent helping the team to qualify for several tournaments, which had never been achieved prior to Charlton's appointment. There were a few England-born internationals in the squads of that era who had been raised in Ireland and learned to play football at local clubs, not least Paul McGrath and David O'Leary as well as Curtis Fleming and Stephen McPhail.
Domžale (Slovene pronunciation: [dɔmˈʒàːlɛ] (listen); German: Domschale) is a town and the seat of  Municipality of Domžale. The town lies near the foothills of the Kamnik Alps and is crossed by the Kamnik Bistrica River. It includes the hamlets of Zgornje Domžale (pronounced [ˈzɡóːɾnjɛ dɔmˈʒàːlɛ]; German: Oberdomschale), Spodnje Domžale (pronounced [ˈspóːdnjɛ dɔmˈʒàːlɛ]; German: Unterdomschale), and Študa. Domžale is known today for its small businesses, agriculture, and light industry.
Moonlight Madness is the second studio album by singer Teri DeSario, released in 1979 by Casablanca Records and Filmworks (NBLP-7178). It includes the hit single "Yes, I'm Ready", a duet with K.C. of KC and the Sunshine Band.
The album contains mostly disco music, including "Dancin' in the Streets" and "I'm Ready".
Aryabhatta College is a constituent College of the University of Delhi named after the ancient Indian mathematician Aryabhatta. It is an institution directly maintained by the University of Delhi. The college is located in South Delhi at Benito Juarez Marg, Delhi, South Campus. It awards degrees under the University of Delhi and offers courses at the undergraduate level in humanities, commerce and science. There are around 2200 students on the rolls of the college.
Secondary-ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) is a technique used to analyze the composition of solid surfaces and thin films by sputtering the surface of the specimen with a focused primary ion beam and collecting and analyzing ejected secondary ions. The mass/charge ratios of these secondary ions are measured with a mass spectrometer to determine the elemental, isotopic, or molecular composition of the surface to a depth of 1 to 2 nm. Due to the large variation in ionization probabilities among elements sputtered from different materials, comparison against well-calibrated standards is necessary to achieve accurate quantitative results. SIMS is the most sensitive surface analysis technique, with elemental detection limits ranging from parts per million to parts per billion.
Kannu is a village in Kastre Parish, Tartu County, Estonia. It is located just north of Võnnu. The city of Tartu is located about 20 km (12 mi) northwest. In 2000 Kannu had a population of 18.
Marilyn Martin (born May 4, 1954) is an American singer and songwriter. She is best known for her 1985 hit duet with Phil Collins, "Separate Lives", her only Number 1.
The 2014 Big 12 Conference football season was the 19th season of college football player for the Big 12 Conference.  It was part of the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
Internet access is available in North Korea, but is only permitted with special authorization. It is primarily used for government purposes, and also by foreigners. The country has some broadband infrastructure, including fiber optic links between major institutions. Online services for most individuals and institutions are provided through a free domestic-only network known as Kwangmyong, with access to the global Internet limited to a much smaller group.
Matija Kranjc (born 12 June 1984) is a Slovenian track and field athlete who competes in the javelin throw. His personal best of 81.13 metres, achieved in June 2016, is the Slovenian record.
Wólka Bielecka [ˈvulka bjɛˈlɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 172.
Sonnet 89 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare. It is a member of the Fair Youth sequence, in which the poet expresses his love towards a young man.
Kéniéba is a small town and seat of the commune of Benkadi Habaladougou in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
Barthélemy de Chasseneuz (1480–1541) was a French jurist. His name has also been recorded as Cassaneus Bertalan, Bartholomaeus Cassaneus, Bartholomäus Cassaneus, Barthelemy de Chassenée, de Chassaneo, Bartholm Chasseneux, Chassanæus, Chassanaeus, Hassanaus, or Bartholomew Cassaneus.
De Chasseneuz studied law in Dole, Poitiers, Torino and Pavia under teachers such as Jason de Mayno, Filippo Decio, Franciscus Curtis junior and Rochus de Curte, and graduated in 1502. After he had served the duchy of Milan and Pope Julius II in various capacities, the outbreak of the plague caused him to move back to France. He practiced law in Autun in 1506, became crown attorney of the Autun baillage in 1508, where he made his reputation as a criminal lawyer by his eloquent defense of a group of rats who were put on trial for destroying the barley crop of the province. He became a member of the Dijon parlement in 1525 and president of the Aix parlement in 1532. During the unrest brought about by the Protestant Reformation in France, although a Catholic, he sought to protect the Waldensians.
His principal work is the Commentaria in consuetudines ducatus Burgundiae (1517), the first substantial and scientific commentary on the droit coutumier or French customary law. The work was widely cited in France and abroad, and was even used centuries later to help interpret the Code Napoléon. This is due to the work's extensive coverage of Roman law, which unlike in other parts of France featured strongly in Burgundian customary law. De Chasseneuz's other works include Catalogus gloriae mundi (1529), an encyclopedic panorama of the author's knowledge, and the Repertorium consiliorum (1531), a collection of legal advice given by him.
Malcolm Walker (born May 24, 1943) is a former American football center in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and Green Bay Packers. He played college football at Rice University.
The Rakaia Gorge is located on the Rakaia River in inland Canterbury in New Zealand's South Island.
Like its neighbour, the Waimakariri River, the Rakaia runs through wide shingle beds for much of its length, but is forced through a narrow canyon as it approaches the Canterbury Plains.
In the 1870s, there were proposals to extend the Whitecliffs Branch railway into the Rakaia Gorge, and an 1880 Royal Commission on New Zealand's railway network was in favour of this proposal, but it never came to fruition.
The Rakaia Gorge bridge was completed in 1882 and provides an inland alternative to the more frequently used Rakaia River bridge just north of the town of Rakaia. The bridge carries State Highway 77 and the Inland Scenic Route and connects the settlements of Glentunnel and Methven
Swimming at the top bridges of the gorge is a favoured pastime for locals and tourists alike.  Swimming in the main river can be done but only by strong swimmers. There is a perfect swimming hole under the concrete bridge that suits all levels, this area has no current as it is completely protected from the river.
Vibha Chibber is an Indian actress and theatre artist who appears in TV shows & Hindi films. She is well known for her memorable work in the successful television soaps Sapna Babul Ka... Bidaai, Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein and Kasam Tere Pyaar Ki. TV actor Puru Chibber is her son.
In physics and astronomy, a frame of reference (or reference frame) is an abstract coordinate system with an origin, orientation, and scale specified by a set of reference points―geometric points whose position is identified both mathematically (with numerical coordinate values) and physically (signaled by conventional markers).For n dimensions, n + 1 reference points are sufficient to fully define a reference frame. Using rectangular Cartesian coordinates, a reference frame may be defined with a reference point at the origin and a reference point at one unit distance along each of the n coordinate axes.In Einsteinian relativity, reference frames are used to specify the relationship between a moving observer and the phenomenon under observation. In this context, the term often becomes observational frame of reference or observational reference frame, which implies that the observer is at rest in the frame, although not necessarily located at its origin. A relativistic reference frame includes (or implies) the coordinate time, which does not equate across different reference frames moving relatively to each other. The situation thus differs from Galilean relativity, in which all possible coordinate times are essentially equivalent.
Lorenzo Santiago "Chago" Alvarado Santos (1920–1982) was a Puerto Rican singer, composer, and guitarist. He became internationally famous with Johnny Albino and Félix ("Ola") Martínez as part of the Trío San Juan during the years 1949–1957. Among his best tunes was the 1956 bolero named "Siete notas de amor".
After the Wind: 1996 Everest Tragedy—One Survivor’s Story is a book by Lou Kasischke that details his experiences as a client on Rob Hall’s expedition during the 1996 Mount Everest tragedy. The accident killed eight climbers—including four from the Hall expedition—and remained the worst climbing accident on Everest until the 2014 Mount Everest avalanche. The book features 55 illustrations by Jane Cardinal and was published in 2014 by Good Hart Publishing.
This is a list of people depicted on the postage stamps of Hong Kong. British Hong Kong issued stamps from 1862 to 1999. Stamps of Hong Kong were then issued under the control of China. The date when the person depicted first appeared on stamps is listed in parentheses.
Abacetus bechynei is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae.
The Edmonton Group is a Late Cretaceous (Campanian stage) to early Paleocene stratigraphic unit of the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin in the central Alberta plains. It was first described as the Edmonton Formation by Joseph Burr Tyrrell in 1887 based on outcrops along the North Saskatchewan River in and near the city of Edmonton. E.J.W. Irish later elevated the formation to group status and it was subdivided into four separate formations. In ascending order, they are the Horseshoe Canyon, Whitemud, Battle and Scollard Formations. The Cretaceous-Paleogene boundary occurs within the Scollard Formation, based on dinosaurian and microfloral evidence, as well as the presence of the terminal Cretaceous iridium anomaly.
Hellinsia quitus is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in Ecuador.
The Republic of Ireland women's national football team represents the Republic of Ireland in competitions such as the FIFA Women's World Cup and the UEFA Women's Championship. The Republic of Ireland has yet to qualify for a major tournament. It has, however, taken part in invitational tournaments such as the Algarve Cup, the Istria Cup and the Cyprus Cup. It is organised by the Women's Football Association of Ireland.
The Volkswagen Beetle—officially the Volkswagen Type 1, informally in German der Käfer (meaning "beetle"), in parts of the English-speaking world the Bug, and known by many other nicknames in other languages—is a two-door, rear-engine economy car, intended for five occupants (later, Beetles were restricted to four people in some countries), that was manufactured and marketed by German automaker Volkswagen (VW) from 1938 until 2003.The need for a people's car (Volkswagen in German), its concept and its functional objectives were formulated by the leader of Nazi Germany, Adolf Hitler, who wanted a cheap, simple car to be mass-produced for his country's new road network (Reichsautobahn). Members of the National Socialist party, with an additional dues surcharge, were promised the first production, but the Spanish Civil War shifted most production resources to military vehicles to support the Nationalists under Francisco Franco.
Lead engineer Ferdinand Porsche and his team took until 1938 to finalise the design. Béla Barényi is credited with first conceiving the original design for this car in 1925, notably by Mercedes-Benz, on their website, including his original technical drawing, five years before Porsche claimed to have done his initial version. The influence on Porsche's design of other contemporary cars, such as the Tatra V570, and the work of Josef Ganz remains a subject of dispute. The result was the first Volkswagen, and one of the first rear-engined cars since the Brass Era. With 21,529,464 produced, the Beetle is the longest-running and most-manufactured car of a single platform ever made.
Although designed in the 1930s, due to World War II, civilian Beetles only began to be produced in significant numbers by the end of the 1940s. The car was then internally designated the Volkswagen Type 1, and marketed simply as the Volkswagen. Later models were designated Volkswagen 1200, 1300, 1500, 1302, or 1303, the former three indicating engine displacement, the latter two derived from the model number.
The car became widely known in its home country as the Käfer (German for "beetle", cognate with English chafer) and was later marketed under that name in Germany, and as the Volkswagen in other countries. For example, in France it was known as the Coccinelle (French for ladybug).The original 25 hp Beetle was designed for a top speed around 100 km/h (62 mph), which would be a viable cruising speed on the Reichsautobahn system. As Autobahn speeds increased in the postwar years, its output was boosted to 36, then 40 hp, the configuration that lasted through 1966 and became the "classic" Volkswagen motor. The Beetle gave rise to multiple variants: mainly the 1950 Type 2 'Bus', the 1955 Karmann Ghia, as well as the 1961 Type 3 'Ponton' and the 1968 Type 4 (411/412) family cars, ultimately forming the basis of an entirely rear-engined VW product range.
The Beetle marked a significant trend, led by Volkswagen, and then by Fiat and Renault, whereby the rear-engine, rear-wheel-drive layout increased from 2.6 percent of continental Western Europe's car production in 1946 to 26.6 percent in 1956. In 1959 even General Motors launched an air-cooled, rear-engined car, the Chevrolet Corvair—which even shared the Beetle's flat engine and swing axle architecture.
Over time, front-wheel drive, and frequently hatchback-bodied cars would come to dominate the European small-car market. In 1974, Volkswagen's own front-wheel drive Golf hatchback succeeded the Beetle. In 1994, Volkswagen unveiled the Concept One, a "retro"-themed concept car with a resemblance to the original Beetle, and in 1998 introduced the "New Beetle", built on the contemporary Golf platform with styling recalling the original Type 1. It remained in production through 2010, and was succeeded in 2011 by the Beetle (A5), the last variant of the Beetle, which was also more reminiscent of the original Beetle. Production ceased altogether by 2019.In the 1999 Car of the Century competition, to determine the world's most influential car in the 20th century, the Type 1 came fourth, after the Ford Model T, the Mini, and the Citroën DS.
Some television series are canceled after one episode, quickly removed from a broadcast schedule, or had production halted after their premieres. Such immediate cancellations are extremely rare cases and are usually attributed to a combination of very negative reviews, very poor ratings, radical or controversial content, or circumstances beyond the network's control.
Purposely excluded from this list are pilots, premiere episodes produced primarily to be reviewed by network executives as proposed series; "backdoor pilots", pilot episodes shot in such a way that they can be aired as a regular episode of another series; and feature-length television movies produced to be broadcast as either an extended premiere episode, if picked up as a series, or as a distinct television movie. In any of those cases, the pilot was aired but its proposed series was not subsequently added to the programming, or the pilot was aired as a television movie after a decision not to produce a series.
Shows are listed in chronological order with the date the episode aired, any backlash from it, and what happened to the series after cancellation.
Ernest Cyril Murray was an Anglican Archdeacon in Ireland.Murray was educated at King's College, London and ordained in 1933. He served at St Luke, Belfast (Curate); St. Columba's College, Hazaribagh (lecturer); the SPG (secretary, Ireland); Shinrone (incumbent); Upper Ormond (rural dean); and Killaloe Cathedral (canon). He was Archdeacon of Killaloe from 1954 to 1974.
Odds & Ends is a collection of unfinished tracks and demo recordings by British pop singer, Dido. The collection was put together by her management team, Nettwerk, and released promotionally in late 1995, in order to gain interest from record companies so that Dido could be signed to a major record label. All of the material was recorded between 1993 and 1995. Dido was brought to the attention of Arista Records, who were impressed with her collaborations and songwriting for the UK dance group  Faithless, her work with a UK dance act spearheaded by her brother, Rollo Armstrong, and more importantly, the album. Arista Records signed Dido in the United States, eventually forming a deal with her brother Rollo Armstrong's record label, Cheeky Records, allowing her music to be released internationally. The track "Worthless" later appeared on The Highbury Fields EP, a five track sampler released to promote her debut album, No Angel. "Take My Hand" was included on the album itself, and "Sweet Eyed Baby" was remixed to create another album track, "Don't Think of Me". "Worthless" and "Me" also appeared on the Japanese version of No Angel.
A three-dimensional integrated circuit (3D IC) is a MOS (metal-oxide semiconductor) integrated circuit (IC) manufactured by stacking silicon wafers or dies and interconnecting them vertically using, for instance, through-silicon vias (TSVs) or Cu-Cu connections, so that they behave as a single device to achieve performance improvements at reduced power and smaller footprint than conventional two dimensional processes. The 3D IC is one of several 3D integration schemes that exploit the z-direction to achieve electrical performance benefits in microelectronics and nanoelectronics.
3D integrated circuits can be classified by their level of interconnect hierarchy at the global (package), intermediate (bond pad) and local (transistor) level.  In general, 3D integration is a broad term that includes such technologies as 3D wafer-level packaging (3DWLP); 2.5D and 3D interposer-based integration; 3D stacked ICs (3D-SICs); monolithic 3D ICs; 3D heterogeneous integration; and 3D systems integration.International organizations such as the Jisso Technology Roadmap Committee (JIC) and the International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (ITRS) have worked to classify the various 3D integration technologies to further the establishment of standards and roadmaps of 3D integration. As of the 2010s, 3D ICs are widely used for NAND flash memory and in mobile devices.
Billings is a city in Christian County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,035 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Missouri metropolitan area.
The Hiller Aviation Museum is an aircraft history museum located at the San Carlos Airport in San Carlos, California. The museum was founded by Stanley Hiller in June 1998. and is endowed by members of the Hiller family. It specializes in Northern California aircraft history and helicopter history. The museum is also an affiliate within the Smithsonian Affiliations program.
Radostów [raˈdɔstuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Mircze, 26 km (16 mi) south of Hrubieszów, and 119 km (74 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The Danish Center for Urban History (Danish: Dansk Center for Byhistorie) is a research and communication center for the history of cities in Denmark. The center was founded in 2001 by The Institute of History and Area Studies at the University of Aarhus and The Old Town, National Open Air Museum of Urban History and Culture. The Center has two book series called "Danish Urban Studies" and "Writings on Danish Urban History" with books and articles about Danish urban history from medieval ages until today. The center communicates Danish urban history to a wider audience on the internet through a website called The Digital City Gate which gives access to databases and presentations of Danish urban history with emphasis on the period from 1600-1900.
Evansburg State Park is a 3,349-acre (1,355 ha) Pennsylvania state park in Lower Providence, Lower Salford, Skippack, Towamencin, and Worcester Townships in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The park has a variety of habitats including forests, meadows, old fields, and farmland. The park offers a variety of recreational opportunities including picnicking, golf, ball fields, biking, hiking, hunting, horseback riding, and fishing. Evansburg State Park is near Collegeville and Norristown just off Pennsylvania Route 363.
Nikolai Petrovich Fadeyev (Russian: Николай Петрович Фадеев; born 9 May 1993) is a Russian professional football player.
Composr CMS (or Composr) is a web application for creating websites. It is a combination of a Web content management system and Online community (Social Networking) software. Composr is licensed as free software and primarily written in the PHP programming language.
Composr is available on various web application distributions platforms, including Installatron, Softaculous, Web Platform Installer and Bitnami.
Jane is a fictional character in Orson Scott Card's Ender series. She is an energy based non-artificial sentient creature called an Aiúa that was placed within the ansible network by which spaceships and planets communicate instantly across galactic distances. She has appeared in the novels Speaker for the Dead, Xenocide, and Children of the Mind, and in a short story "Investment Counselor". Her 'face', a computer-generated hologram that she uses to talk to Ender, is described as plain and young, and it is illustrated in First Meetings as having a bun.
This article is arranged to reflect the Ender timeline. However, the Ender Quartet: Ender's Game (1985), Speaker for the Dead (1986), Xenocide (1990), and Children of the Mind (1994) was written first; then Ender's Shadow (1999), First Meetings (2004), and Shadow of the Giant (2005).
Gluphisia crenata, the dusky marbled brown, is a moth of the family Notodontidae. The species was first described by Eugenius Johann Christoph Esper in 1785. It is found in Europe, east over parts of Russia and China up to Japan. It is also found in North America, where it was traditionally treated as a separate species, Gluphisia septentrionis.
The wingspan is 28–34 mm. The moth flies from April to August in two generations depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Populus species, such as P. nigra, P. balsamifera and P. tremula, but also on Salix purpurea.
Christopher-Lee dos Santos is a South African film director and screenwriter perhaps best known for the 2013 independent film Angel of the Skies.
"Snakeskin" is a song by Australian alternative rock band Gyroscope, from the album Breed Obsession. It was released as the first single from the album on 27 October 2007, which peaked at No. 30 on the ARIA Singles Chart. "Snakeskin" was listed at No. 16 in national radio Triple J's Hottest 100 for 2007. The CD version of the EP contained two previously unreleased B-sides while the digital release from iTunes included a third unreleased B-side.
"Spending some time in hibernation whilst writing this album has made for some great progressions… 'Snakeskin' is a great representation of our head space and expresses a lot of the emotions and directions we have taken in the creation of our 3rd record. Like a snake shedding its well worn skin, these are the days of our lives." Daniel Sanders
The "Snakeskin" video was shot in Wiltshire, near Stonehenge, south of London. The video has the band playing in the middle of a 200-metre crop circle that was made specifically for the shoot. It is the same farm where the Led Zeppelin crop circle was made that features on the cover of the group's Remasters compilation album."Snakeskin" was featured in all Network 10 promotions for the 2008 Australian Football League season. The song also won two WAMi Awards for 'Best Single' and 'Best Video'.
Medicosma mulgraveana is a species of small tree in the family Rutaceae and is endemic to a restricted area of far north Queensland. It has mostly trifoliate leaves with elliptical to egg-shaped leaflets and white flowers borne in small groups in leaf axils.
Taurochenodeoxycholate 6alpha-hydroxylase (EC 1.14.13.97, CYP3A4, CYP4A21, taurochenodeoxycholate 6alpha-monooxygenase) is an enzyme with systematic name taurochenodeoxycholate,NADPH:oxygen oxidoreductase (6alpha-hydroxylating). This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
   hyodeoxycholate + NADP+ + H2OTaurochenodeoxycholate 6α-hydroxylase is a heme-thiolate protein (P-450).
BD-10°3166 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 268 light-years away in the constellation of Crater. This planet is a so-called "Hot Jupiter," a planet that orbits its parent star in a very close orbit. Distance to the star is less than 1/20th Earth's distance from the Sun. No transits by the planet have been detected, so the planet's orbital plane cannot be exactly aligned with our direction of view.
Abolfadl Harawi (Persian: ابو الفضل هروى) was a 10th-century astronomer who, along with al-Khujandi, studied under the patronage of the Buyid dynasty in Rey, Persia. The nisba "Harawi" suggests that he was originally from Herat, in ancient times also known als "Haraiva". 
Coleophora ossaedeaga is a moth of the family Coleophoridae. It is found in China.
Zweibrücken Castle (German: Schloss Zweibrücken) is a building in the town of Zweibrücken, Rheinland-Pfalz, Germany. It was built as a ducal palace in 1720-1725. It is the largest and most magnificent secular (i.e. non-religious) building in the Palatinate. It is now the seat of the Palatine Higher Regional Court, and of the Zweibrücken law courts.
Der Angriff  (in English "The Attack") is a discontinued German language newspaper founded in 1927 by the Berlin Gau of the Nazi Party. The last edition was published on 24 April 1945.
Deborah Teramis Christian is an American author and game designer. She previously worked under the name Deborah Christian, but now prefers to be called by her middle name and uses her full name on book credits. Teramis has also used the pen-name Terry Randall on some of her RPG works. She is a US army veteran.
Xantes Mariales (born about 1580; died at Venice in April 1660) was an Italian Dominican theologian.
Vivah Panchami is a Hindu festival celebrating the wedding of Rama and Sita. It is observed on the fifth day of the Shukla paksha or waxing phase of moon in the Agrahayana month (November – December) as per Maithili calendar and in the month of Margashirsha in Hindu Calendar. The day is observed as the Vivah Utsav of Sita and Rama in temples and sacred places associated with Sri Rama in Mithila region of India and Nepal.
Richard Thomas Mazza (born September 4, 1939) is a businessman and politician from Vermont.  A Democrat, he has served as a member of the Vermont Senate since 1985, making him the body's dean, or longest-serving member.  Mazza represents the Chittenden-Grand Isle district, which includes the town of Colchester in Chittenden County and all of Grand Isle County.
Maria Ursula d'Abreu e Lencastro (1682–1730), also known as Maria Ursula Lancastro y Abreu was a South American adventuress and corporal in the Portuguese army. She was born in Rio de Janeiro, Portuguese Brazil and died in Goa.  She joined the Portuguese navy dressed as a man under the name Balthazar do Conto Cardoso, sailed for Portugal, joined the army, and took part in battles in India.In 1700, the year in which she completed eighteen years old, she left the house of her father and headed to Lisbon, the capital of the Portuguese Empire. Her idea was to live the adventures of Cavalry and Crusades that she had read from books, adventures that were forbidden to the women of her time. When she arrived at Lisbon, she enlisted herself as a soldier, with the false name of Baltasar do Couto Cardoso.
She served in the Portuguese army in Portuguese India dressed as a man in 1700-1712. She participated in the conquest of the fortress at Amona, Goa, against the Prabhu-Desais of Sanquelim, where she was promoted to captain and given charge of the fortress Madre de Deus 1703. She was decorated for her service by the king John V of Portugal in 1714. She revealed her sex voluntarily in 1714 because she wished to marry a man, Alfonso Arras Teixeira de Mello.
The 1878 Grand National was the 40th renewal of the Grand National horse race that took place at Aintree near Liverpool, England, on 29 March 1878.
The British Columbia Ministry of Environment & Climate Change Strategy is a ministry of the government of British Columbia in Canada. The ministry is responsible for the effective protection, management and conservation of the province's natural resources. It is currently overseen by George Heyman.
Simplicivalva charmion is a moth in the family Cossidae. It is found in Brazil.
Gyalaphug or Jieluobu is a village located in a disputed part of the Bhutan-China border. China announced its establishment in October 2015. Media reports place the village 8 km within Bhutanese territory of Beyul, Lhuntse district, Bhutan while China places it in Lhodrak, Tibet Autonomous Region.
Romantically Challenged is a comedy television series that ran on ABC from April 19, 2010, to May 17, 2010. It is set in Pittsburgh and was created by Ricky Blitt, who is also the show's head writer. The show stars Alyssa Milano. ABC officially canceled the series on May 16, 2010.  Six episodes were produced, but only four aired.
Lodge Cottrell Ltd. is a supplier of environmental air pollution control equipment for the power generation industry and other industrial process applications, with over 4,500 installations worldwide. It has facilities in Birmingham, England and Houston, Texas, United States, and operates through a network of associates, partners, agents and licensees. Lodge Cottrell Ltd and Lodge Cottrell Inc. are part of KC Cottrell Co., Ltd., an air pollution control company with its headquarters in Seoul, South Korea.
Aloha Surf Hotel is a 2020 American independent film written and directed by Stefan Schaefer, and produced by Cicala Filmworks and Jonathan Stern's Abominable Pictures. The film premiered at the 2020 Hawaii International Film Festival, and was released to theatres in Hawaii on December 4, 2020.
Bihari is a group of the Indo-Aryan languages. The Bihari languages are mainly spoken in the Indian states of Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh and also in Nepal. The most widely spoken languages of the Bihari group are Bhojpuri, Magahi and Maithili.
Despite the large number of speakers of these languages, only Maithili has been constitutionally recognised in India, which gained constitutional status via the 92nd amendment to the Constitution of India, of 2003 (gaining assent in 2004). Both Maithili and Bhojpuri have constitutional recognition in Nepal.In Bihar, Hindi is the language used for educational and official matters. These languages were legally absorbed under the overarching label Hindi in the 1961 Census. Such state and national politics are creating conditions for language endangerments. After independence Hindi was given the sole official status through the Bihar Official Language Act, 1950. Hindi was displaced as the sole official language of Bihar in 1981, when Urdu was accorded the status of the second official language.
The 1965 Saint Louis Billikens men's soccer team represented Saint Louis University during the 1965 NCAA soccer season. The Billikens won their fifth NCAA title this season. It was the eighth ever season the Billikens fielded a men's varsity soccer team.
Hostile City Showdown 1999 was the sixth and final Hostile City Showdown professional wrestling supercard event produced by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). It took place on June 26, 1999 in the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States. Excerpts from Hostile City Showdown aired on episode #324 of ECW Hardcore TV on July 10, 1999, while the bout between Christopher Daniels and Rhino aired on episode #336 of ECW Hardcore TV on October 2, 1999. The ECW World Heavyweight Championship bout between Taz and Yoshihiro Tajiri was included on the compilation DVD ECW Unreleased Vol. 3 released by WWE in 2015.
Mark Frith (born 22 May 1970, in Sheffield) is a British journalist and editor. He has been a writer and editor for magazines such as Smash Hits, Time Out and Heat. He has since branched into TV and radio presenting and is an author of novels.
The Night Belongs to Us (German: Die Nacht gehört uns), released in English as The Night Is Ours or The Night Belongs to Us, is a 1929 German sports romance film directed by Carl Froelich and Henry Roussel, and starring Hans Albers, Charlotte Ander, and Otto Wallburg.
South Dandalup River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.
The river rises at White Horse Hills North of Boddington and flows in  westerly direction.
The river is in the Shire of Murray, it flows throughLake Banksiadale near Dwellingup, crosses the South Western Highway north of Pinjarra to its confluence with the North Dandalup River east of Ravenswood.
The two tributaries of the South Dandalup River are Conjurunup Creek and Boomer Brook.
At Lake Banksiadale the river is dammed by South Dandalup Dam, the largest dam providing water to Perth, Western Australia's capital city.
The Collected Papers of History Studies or Shixue Jikan (simplified Chinese: 史学集刊; traditional Chinese: 史學集刊; pinyin: Shǐxué jíkān) is a Chinese-language professional history journal sponsored by Jilin University and supervised by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China. The journal was founded in 1956 and is based in Changchun City, Jilin Province.
Collected Papers of History Studies was originally published semi-annually, but it was changed to a quarterly journal in 1981. Since 2006, the journal has been published bimonthly, and has publicly distributed in China and abroad.As it was difficult to sustain in the Anti-Rightist Campaign, Collected Papers of History Studies ceased publication in 1958.  In October 1981, the journal resumed publication.
Yudi Khoedirun (born September 5, 1988) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a defender for and captains Sulut United.
Sir Thomas Bloodworth, born Blidward, also spelled Bludworth (baptised 13 February 1620 – 12 May 1682) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679. He was Lord Mayor of London from October 1665 to October 1666 and his inaction during the early stages of the Great Fire of London was widely criticised as one of the causes for the great extent of the damage to the city.
Then & Now is a compilation album by British rock supergroup Asia, released on 14 August 1990 by Geffen Records. It consists of two parts titled as Then and Now. Then comprises songs from the band's first two albums, Asia and Alpha, which featured the band's original line-up of Geoff Downes, Steve Howe, Carl Palmer, and John Wetton. Now comprises songs recorded by the band after Howe's departure (including "Voice of America" from the band's third album, Astra).
The Captain Nathan Hale Monument, is a 45-foot (14 m) obelisk in Coventry, Connecticut, built in 1846 in honor of Nathan Hale, the Revolutionary War hero, who was born in Coventry.  It was one of the first war memorials to be built in the United States, and is a significant work of both architect Henry Austin and builder Solomon Willard.  Now owned and maintained by the state, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The Salvesen Mountains or Salvesen Range is a mountain range on the southern tip of South Georgia, rising to a maximum elevation of 2,330 metres (7,644 ft). They were created 127 million years ago and are made mainly from granite. The Cretaceous granite is embedded into the Jurassic basaltic lavas and dolerite dykes. Both of which are black so they create a striking colour contrast in exposures. Both the granite and the basalt were formed from rising magma formed on the divergent plate boundary where the southern Atlantic Ocean opened. The main ranges of South Georgia famously crossed by Ernest Shackleton in 1916, are less rugged and precipitous than the Salvesen Mountains as they are formed from folded sandstone. These were formed from sand deposition, the sediment for which was derived from erosion of the igneous rocks and rifting continental blocks.
The range was surveyed by the South Georgia Survey, 1951–52, and named for Sir Harold Salvesen, a director of Messrs. Chr. Salvesen and Co., Leith, who gave great assistance to the SGS, 1951-52 and 1953–54.
Robin Leproux (born 22 July 1959) is a French businessman. He was the president of French football club Paris Saint-Germain from 2009 to 2011.
Île-de-France tramway Line 5 (usually called simply T5) is part of the modern tram network of the Île-de-France region of France. Line T5 connects the centre of Saint-Denis (Marché de Saint-Denis) and Garges - Sarcelles station, in the Northern suburbs of Paris. Line T5 was Île-de-France's first rubber-tyred tramway line. The line has a length of 6.6 km (4.1 mi) and 16 stations. It opened to the public on 29 July 2013.
First envisioned during the 1990s as a means of providing better public transportation through Paris's northern suburbs, particularly the expanding districts of Pierrefitte-sur-Seine and Lochères in Sarcelles, actual planning activity for the line started during 1999. During February 2005, the defined Line 5 project was publicly announced by the Syndicat des Transports (STIF). Transit operator RATP was appointed as the principal contractor for performing the construction of the new line. During the latter part of 2009, work commenced upon Line 5's civil engineering works; construction commenced upon the track infrastructure and stations almost one year later.
Line T5 is operated by the Régie autonome des transports parisiens (RATP) under the authority of Île-de-France Mobilités.
Pankow (German: [ˈpaŋkoː] (listen)) is a locality (Ortsteil) of Berlin in the district (Bezirk) of Pankow. Until 2001 it was an autonomous district with the localities of Karow, Niederschönhausen, Wilhelmsruh, Rosenthal, Blankenfelde, Buch and Französisch Buchholz.
The 1911 Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football team was an American football team that represented Delaware College (later renamed the University of Delaware) as an independent during the 1911 college football season. In its fourth season under head coach William McAvoy, the team compiled a 2–5–2 record and was outscored by a total of 56 to 54.  Carl A. Taylor was the team captain. The team played its home games in Newark, Delaware.
The STAR-2 Bus is a fully redundant, flight-proven, spacecraft bus designed for geosynchronous missions.
It is a satellite platform, designed and developed by Thomas van der Heyden for the Indonesian Cakrawarta satellite program in the early 1990s, now manufactured by Northrop Grumman Innovation Systems with an apogee kick motor to place a communications satellite into geostationary orbit, a thruster to provide the satellite with orbital station-keeping for a 15-year mission, and solar arrays to provide the satellite payload with 5 kW of electrical power.
Judson Boardman Coit (1849–1921) was an American mathematician and astronomer who published in numerous journals, including The Astrophysical Journal and the Journal of the British Astronomical Association.  The largest part of his professional career was spent as a Professor at Boston University where he established the Department of Astronomy and developed a teaching and research observatory.  The teaching Observatory at Boston University is named in his memory.
Judson Coit was raised on a central New York farm and attended a rural district school.  His education included sufficient mathematics to enter college, as well as one term of Latin.  At age 17, he was working on a farm  during the summer, attending Faley Seminary in Fulton, NY during fall and spring, and teaching school during the winter.
In 1871, at age 22, he entered Syracuse University during its first full year of operation.  His undergraduate studies included particular attention to Greek, which he intended to teach, and to mathematics, because he liked the subject and admired the men who taught it.  He became a member of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity, the Glee Club, and played varsity baseball.After graduation with a BA degree, Judson Coit served as Professor of Mathematics at Dickenson Seminary in Williamsport, Pa., for four years (1875-1879) and obtained a Master's Degree from Syracuse University in 1878.
He worked with John Martin Schaeberle as student assistant in the Observatory in Ann Arbor, MI (1879-1880), then taught advanced mathematics and astronomy at the Central High School in Cleveland, OH. While in Cleveland, he was in charge of the fitting out of a private observatory for L. E. Holden and continued his astronomical work, receiving a PhD from Syracuse University in 1881.  His thesis topic was "The Orbit of Eta Cassiopeia."  The substance of this work was later published in the monthly notices of the Royal Astronomical Society of London.Dr. Coit was appointed an Assistant Professor of Mathematics in the Boston University College of Liberal Arts in 1882, and a full Professor  of Mathematics in 1884. In his first year at BU, he taught Analytics, Astronomy, Calculus, Mechanics, and Quaternions.  The College initially had no astronomical equipment so he took his Astronomy students to the Boston Common, where a public pay telescope was available, and paid the fees from his own resourcesIn 1885 he became Secretary of the Faculty of the College, and retained that post for 30 years, in addition to his teaching and research activities.  He served as Acting Dean of the Graduate School of Boston University in 1911-12. His academic title was changed to Professor of Astronomy in 1915.
Pinedale is a town in and the county seat of Sublette County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 2,030 at the 2010 census. Pinedale is an important hunting outfitting town and a gateway to the Wind River Mountains. It is also a major gateway to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming.  Additionally, Pinedale is near several large natural gas fields, including the Pinedale Anticline and Jonah Field.  Attractions include the Museum of the Mountain Man, Green River Rendezvous Days, White Pine Ski Area, the Pinedale Aquatic Center and the Town Park System along the Pine Creek Corridor in the middle of town.  The mayor is Matt Murdock, who was elected in 2018.
Don't Blink is a 2014 American psychological horror film written and directed by Travis Oates.  It stars an ensemble cast that includes Mena Suvari, Brian Austin Green, Joanne Kelly, and Zack Ward, who also produced.  A group of ten friends visit a remote resort, which they subsequently find empty.  As they attempt to find out what happened to the other guests, they are horrified to find that they too are disappearing.  It received a limited release on September 18, 2014.
The Calanda Broncos are an American football team from Landquart, Switzerland. The club, formed in 1991 as the Landquart Broncos, changed its name in late 2008 after the Calanda mountain to show the club's desire to represent a larger region of Graubünden then just the community of Landquart. With the move to the stadium in nearby Chur the club was also able to draw larger crowds for its home matches. The club is the best-supported American football club in Switzerland.The club plays at the highest level of American football in Switzerland, the Nationalliga A, and has won the national championship game, the Swiss Bowl, on eight occasions, last in 2017.
The People's Liberation Army Naval Medical University (中国人民解放军海军军医大学), also known as the PLA Second Military Medical University (SMMU) (中国人民解放军第二军医大学), is a public university in Shanghai, China. It was founded in September 1949 and named in July 1951. It is a national key university supported by the state Project 211. It is a Chinese state Double First Class University, included in the national Double First Class University Plan.It was previously called People's Medical College of the East China Military Commanding Region. The building is adjacent to Fudan University and Tongji University and covers an area of nearly 1.1 square kilometres (270 acres). The premises have a total floor space of over 670,000 square metres (7,211,820 sq ft), including a complex of modern teaching buildings, a library, an experiment building and teaching hospitals of the first rate in China. The library itself covers an area over 11,000 square metres (118,403 sq ft) with a collection of over 500,000 book volumes.
Jhony Alexander Peralta Cruz (born 4 November 1964) is a Peruvian politician and a former Congressman representing Piura for the 2001–2006 term and the 2006–2011 term. Peralta lost his seat in the 2011 elections when he ran for re-election, but he was not re-elected as he attained a low number of votes. Peralta belongs to the Peruvian Aprista Party.
Akaytala (Russian: Акайтала) is a rural locality (a selo) in Buynaksky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 688 as of 2010. There are 8 streets.
Euthymius II (Greek: Εὐθύμιος Β΄), (? – 29 March 1416) was Patriarch of Constantinople in 1410–16.
He became a monk at a young age and was soon after ordained a priest. He distinguished himself for his theological and rhetorical abilities, which he employed in defence of Palamism and against the Union of the Eastern Orthodox Church with the Roman Catholic Church, for which he was accorded the honorific appellation "Doctor of the Church". Despite being a fervent anti-unionist, he was sent by the Byzantine emperor Manuel II Palaiologos (reigned 1391–1425) to participate in the discussions for a prospective union with Pope Urban VI (1378–89). The mission achieved some success, but with no firm commitments on either side, and on his return to Constantinople he was promoted to archimandrite and became abbot of the prestigious Stoudios Monastery.Eventually Euthymius advanced to the post of protosynkellos, after which he became Patriarch of Constantinople. During his tenure, he endeavoured to remove the Church from imperial control and act autonomously. Of his writings, only a philosophical treatise "On being and not being" and two letters survive. Euthymius II died on 29 March 1416.
As of 2021, a vaccine against Epstein–Barr virus was not yet available. The virus establishes latent infection and causes infectious mononucleosis. There is also increasingly more evidence that EBV may be a trigger of multiple sclerosis. It is a dual-tropic virus, meaning that it infects two different host cell types — in this case, both B cells and epithelial cells. One challenge is that the Epstein–Barr virus expresses very different proteins during its lytic and its latent phases. Antiviral agents act by inhibiting viral DNA replication, but as of 2016 there was little evidence that they are effective against Epstein–Barr virus, they are expensive, they risk causing resistance to antiviral agents, and (in 1% to 10% of cases) can cause unpleasant side effects.Several clinical trials for a vaccine were conducted in 2006–2008. The viral proteins Gp350/220 are a primary target, but this would only block infection of B cells, not epithelial cells. A vaccine called MVA-EL has been also proposed as a target for EBV-positive cancers, but this would only be effective in combating EBV-related cancers, not the EBV infection itself. VLP (virus-like particle)-based EBV vaccines are also the subject of intensive research.In April 2018, the first human antibody that blocks Epstein-Barr Virus was discovered, called AMMO1. It blocks glycoproteins gH and gL. This discovery defines new sites of vulnerability on Epstein-Barr Virus, and neutralizes the dual-tropic infection (stopping both infection of B cells and epithelial cells). It is the most promising discovery to date, as it is the first that may be able to block both B cell infection and epithelial infection.In 2021, Moderna announced two mRNA vaccine candidates targeting EBV: a prophylactic mRNA-1189 and a therapeutic mRNA-1195. Regarding the mRNA-1189, the company said that the "vaccine encodes five glycoproteins to inhibit both mechanisms for viral entry into B cells (gp350 plus gH/gL/gp42), adds protection for epithelial cells (gH/gL), and includes gB for protection of all cells." The viral proteins produced by the mRNA in this vaccine are expressed in their native form, bound to the cell membrane, where they are available for recognition by the immune system. The company began Phase I clinical trials of mRNA-1189 on 5 January 2022. The other candidate, mRNA-1195 vaccine, is being developed to prevent longer-term complications which may be caused by EBV and it contains additional antigens compared to mRNA-1189. As of February 2022, mRNA-1195 is still in pre-clinical trials.
The United Arab Emirates national football team (Arabic: منتخب الإمارات العربية المتحدة لكرة القدم) represents United Arab Emirates in international association football and serves under the auspices of the country's Football Association.
It has made one World Cup appearance in 1990 in Italy and lost all three of its games. United Arab Emirates took fourth place in the 1992 Asian Cup and runner-up in 1996 as host. It won the Arabian Gulf Cup in 2007 and 2013. It finished third in the 2015 AFC Asian Cup and hosted the 2019 edition which it was eliminated in the semi-finals.
Sir Thomas Taylor, 2nd Baronet (1657–1696), of Park House, Maidstone and Shadoxhurst, Kent, was an English politician.
He was a Member of the Parliament of England (MP) for Maidstone in 1689–1696.
The dottedline snake eel (Ophichthus omorgmus) is a species of eels in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker and Eugenia Brandt Böhlke in 1984. It is a marine, temperate water-dwelling eel which is known from the western central Atlantic Ocean. It is known to dwell at a depth of 183 meters.
Gołębsko [ɡɔˈwɛmpskɔ] (German: Wernershof) is a settlement in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, on the border with West Pomeranian Voivodeship. It lies approximately 42 kilometres (26 mi) south-west of Bytów and 120 km (75 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).
Visual depictions of Kim Il-sung have been commonplace in North Korea since the 1940s following the example of Joseph Stalin in the Soviet Union and Mao Zedong in China. The display of Kim Il-sung portraits was made mandatory at homes in the 1970s. Gradually, they have become mandatory in certain public places as well, such as factories, airports, railway stations, and rail and subway carriages. Portraits of Kim Jong-il have been hung next to Kim Il-sung since the late 1970s. A portrait of Kim Jong-un was displayed for the first time in public in 2018.
Rules regarding the placement and maintenance of the portraits are complex and change frequently. At homes, they should be placed on the most prominent wall in the living room with nothing else on it, at high and looking downwards. Of importance, and subject to random checks, is that they are kept clean, a responsibility that usually falls on the lady of the house.
David Martin (born May 12, 1961) is an American Republican politician from Michigan. He was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives from the 48th district in 2020, defeating incumbent representative Sheryl Kennedy. Prior to his role as state representative, Martin served on the Davison City Council.
Martin is the first GOP candidate to win the seat since the 1990s.
He played for Zambia's most successful football team, Nkana Red Devils FC, and its successor Nkana FC, as well as with the national football team with whom he participated in the 1986, 1990 and 1994 (where Zambia lost in the finals against Nigeria) African Cup of Nations.
He was always a crowd favourite owing to both his hard play and comic antics on and off the field of play. Kapambwe made a name as one of the few footballers in the country to have played effectively as defender and midfielder for both club and country. Kapambwe, fondly known as 'gentile,' played in the 1980s and 1990s when Zambian football was at its peak with local clubs like Nkana Red Devils, Power Dynamos, Mufulira Wanderers, Green Buffaloes and Kabwe Warriors competing fiercely at continental levels. 
He briefly crossed over to Nkana's fierce rivals Power Dynamos before returning to Nkana and was later appointed assistant player-coach shortly before his death in 1996.
Kapambwe was an African Cup of Champions Clubs Silver medalist in 1990 when Nkana lost in the final against JS Kabylie of Algeria in Lusaka and won a record 7 leagues titles with Nkana. He died in early 1996 after a short illness in Kitwe, Zambia.
Hunter Wise Financial Group, and its previously wholly-owned broker-dealer Hunter Wise Securities, LLC (once a Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) member firm) is a defunct company which promoted pennystocks and commodities.  It claimed to offer investment banking and financial advisory services.  It mostly promoted pennystocks. The company made its promotions from its final seven U.S. locations and one office in Canada. The company was based in Irvine, California and Las Vegas, Nevada.  It was put out of business by the U.S. government.
Pir Lujeh (Persian: پيرلوجه, also Romanized as Pīr Lūjeh; also known as Parichah and Paricheh) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. As of the 2006 census, its population was 114 people in 23 families.
E. S. & A. Robinson was a  British paper, printing and packaging company founded in Bristol in 1844. In 1966, it merged with  John Dickinson Stationery to form the Dickinson Robinson Group (DRG) creating one of the world's largest stationery and packaging companies.
The Bronx Opera House is a former theater, part of the Subway Circuit, now converted into a boutique hotel in the Bronx, New York It was designed by George M. Keister and built in 1913 at 436 East 149th Street on the site of Frederick Schnaufer's stable. It was one of several theaters to come into the area that became known as the Hub. It was formally dedicated on opening night Saturday, August 30, 1913.Performers included the Marx Brothers, George Burns, Gracie Allen, Julia Marlowe, Ethel Barrymore and Lionel Barrymore, David Warfield. Other performers at the theatre included George M. Cohan, Eddie Cantor, John Bunny, Harry Houdini, Peggy Wood and Fats Waller. Post-Broadway shows were often performed and the theater hosted the Aborn Opera Company.The Bronx Opera House is often confused with the Percy G. Williams’ New Bronx Opera House built in 1909 and located at 567 Melrose Avenue (corner of 150th Street), later renamed the B.F. Keith’s Bronx Theatre, which was a different venue featuring vaudeville shows.
Trzcianka [ˈtʂt͡ɕaŋka] (German: Schönlanke) is a town in the Greater Poland region in northwestern Poland. Since 1999, it has been part of the Greater Poland Voivodeship and Czarnków-Trzcianka County. From 1975 to 1998, it was located in the Piła Voivodeship. In  May 2007, Trzcianka had 17,131 inhabitants. Trzcianka is located on the Trzcianka River, and three lakes, Sarcze, Okunie and Długie, are located within the town limits.
Oulad Sidi Ali Ben Youssef is a small town and rural commune in El Jadida Province of the Casablanca-Settat region of Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 10,854 people living in 1,783 households.
Barlaam of Khutyn (Russian: Варлаам Хутынский), also known as Varlaam, was a hermit. Born Alexis Michalevich to a wealthy family from Novgorod. After the death of his parents, he became a hermit on the Volkhov and handed all of his inheritance to the poor. At this time he had gained many followers. So great were their numbers that he founded a monastery, the Khutyn Monastery of Saviour's Transfiguration, and took the name of Barlaam (Varlaam). He died on 6 November 1192, his grave has become a site for pilgrimage.Varlaam is famous for healing the Grand Prince Vasily (from a family of Riazan boyars) when the prince was visiting Novgorod. Later he became a patron of the city of Vologda. He was also an accomplished painter, and painted several murals in the Gothic style in Novgorod, none of which survived destruction during the Second World War.
The Valea Racilor is a left tributary of the river Jilț in Romania. It flows into the Jilț near Baniu. Its length is 26 km (16 mi) and its basin size is 67 km2 (26 sq mi).
Mel Fitzgerald (born 1952 or 1953) is a Canadian retired Paralympic athlete. He competed in athletics in the 1980 and 1984 Paralympics, winning eight medals. He has used a wheelchair since the age of two, when he was afflicted with polio. He was named a member of the Order of Canada in 1982 and in 2018, he was inducted into the Canadian Wheelchair Sports Association Hall of Fame.
Phimeanakas (Khmer: ប្រាសាទភិមានអាកាស, Prasat Phimean Akas, 'celestial temple') or Vimeanakas (Khmer: ប្រាសាទវិមានអាកាស, Prasat Vimean Akas) at Angkor, Cambodia, is a Hindu temple in the Khleang style, built at the end of the 10th century, during the reign of Rajendravarman (from 941 to 968), then completed by Suryavarman I: 115, 135 : 371  in the shape of a three tier pyramid as a Hindu temple. On top of the pyramid there was a tower, while on the edge of top platform there are galleries. Phimeanakas is located inside the walled enclosure of the Royal Palace of Angkor Thom north of Baphuon.
The Angles (Old English: Ængle, Engle; Latin: Angli) were one of the main Germanic peoples who settled in Great Britain in the post-Roman period. They founded several kingdoms of the Heptarchy in Anglo-Saxon England, and their name is the root of the name England ("land of Ængle"). According to Tacitus, writing before their move to Britain, Angles lived alongside Langobards and Semnones in historical regions of Schleswig and Holstein, which are today part of southern Denmark and northern Germany (Schleswig-Holstein).
Cherry Ames is the central character in a series of 27 mystery novels with hospital settings published by Grosset & Dunlap between 1943 and 1968.  Helen Wells (1910-1986) wrote volumes #1-7 and 17-27, and Julie Campbell Tatham (1908-1999), the creator of Trixie Belden, wrote volumes #8-16.  Wells also created the Vicki Barr series.  During World War II, the series encouraged girls to become nurses as a way to aid the war effort. Cherry Ames original editions are prized by collectors and fans.  The series generated a few spin-off items, including a Parker Brothers board game; some titles have been reprinted.
Griffith William Hughes (22 February 1861 - 27 September 1941) was a Welsh accountant and musician. 
Hughes was the son of Ann and Griffith Hughes, born in the North Wales village Cefn Mawr, Denbighshire. In his early years, he took part in musical classes managed by J.O. Jones, Pen-y-cae and Edward Hughes. Hughes attended his local primary school and soon went on to attend Ruabon grammar school before working as a clerk in the office of the Wynnstay Colliery Company. Soon after, he would become the conductor of both Cefn Mawr choral society, which consisted of around 100 voices, and the male voice choir in 1889. Simultaneously, Hughes was a precentor at Capel Mawr, Rhosllannerchrugog, for a short while. G.W.Hughes studied the Tonic Sol-fa System before gaining a degree in this subject, it was then in 1900 in which he was elected to the Council of the Tonic Sol-fa College. Before moving to Prestatyn in 1926 upon his retirement, G.W.Hughes was chosen to be a stipendiary precentor at Princes Road Welsh Capel Mawr Chapel, Liverpool, in 1911. G.W.Hughes fashioned many anthems, hymns and tunes, he also directed Cymanfaoedd Cymru, and in 1929, after his retirement, succeeded in becoming one of the editors of Llyfr Emynau a Thonau y Methodistiaid Calfinaidd a Wesleaidd. Hughes died on the 27th of September 1941, aged 80, and was buried in the Cemetery in Prestatyn. 
City Exchange was a building that stood on Bay Street in Savannah, Georgia, United States, between 1799 and 1904. It replaced a previous structure which was destroyed by fire in 1796. The former seat of Savannah's city government, the building's location is now occupied by Savannah City Hall.
The building was the design of French architect and builder Adrian Boucher, who arrived from New York City in 1797, the year following the great fire of Savannah, to assist with the reconstruction of the city's important buildings.The Exchange served both public and private interests until 1812, when the city purchased it for use as City Hall.The building was renovated in 1854, including the addition of a portico. The architect was Savannah's Sholl & Fay.In December 1864, Union Army General John W. Geary gave a speech in front of the Exchange building in which he congratulated his troops, who had captured "this most beautiful city of the South" during the Civil War.In September 1896, the building was one of several that was damaged in a severe storm that passed through Savannah.
Miniyeh (Arabic: المنية, French: Minieh) is the capital of the Miniyeh-Danniyeh District in North Governorate of Lebanon.  Minya is located 96 km from Beirut at an altitude of 20 m above sea level.
John Hanchett Harmon (June 21, 1819 – August 6, 1888) was an American politician who was a member of the Democratic National Committee, the mayor of Detroit, and the publisher of the Detroit Free Press.
The canton of Le Châtelet-en-Brie is a French former administrative division, located in the arrondissement of Melun, in the Seine-et-Marne département (Île-de-France région). It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 13 communes, which joined the canton of Nangis in 2015.
The 17th Division of the United States Army was formed twice during the First World War. It was then recreated a third time as a Second World War 'phantom division' as part of Fortitude South II.
The IEEE Circuits and Systems Society (IEEE CAS) is a society of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). In the hierarchy of IEEE, CAS is one of almost 40 technical societies organized under the IEEE's Technical Activities Board.From the IEEE CAS web site, the field of interest of the society is defined to be
"The theory, analysis, design (computer aided design), and practical implementation of circuits, and the application of circuit theoretic techniques to systems and signal processing. The coverage of this field includes the spectrum of activities from, and including, basic scientific theory to industrial applications."
Ash Flat is a city in Fulton and Sharp counties in the U.S. state of Arkansas.  The population was 1,082 at the 2010 census. The city is the county seat of Sharp County.It is located in the state's Ozarks Region, approximately 130 miles (210 km) north-northeast of Little Rock and 75 miles (121 km) northwest of Jonesboro.
Morocco- sovereign country located in western North Africa.  Morocco has a coast on the Atlantic Ocean that reaches past the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean Sea. It has international borders with Algeria to the east, Spain to the north (a water border through the Strait and land borders with two small Spanish autonomous cities, Ceuta and Melilla), and a disputed border with Western Sahara to the south.Morocco is an African country currently a member of the African Union. it is also a member of the  Arab League at present, Arab Maghreb Union, the Francophonie, Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, Mediterranean Dialogue group, and Group of 77, and is a major non-NATO ally of the United States.
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Morocco:
The Police, known as Alamn Alaam from the 2008/2009 season, (Arabic: الأمن العام);(English: Public Security) is a Libyan football club based in Tripoli, Libya. The club was founded in 1957 as Aschourta (The Police) but changed its name to Ittihad Alamn Alaam (Public Security United) in 2007. The club was promoted from the Libyan Second Division last season, having finished 1st in Group B last year.
In 2008–09 the club was relegated and it is expected that leading players will leave the club. Juan Ramirez Cuzo became the 1st player to leave the club in the summer of 2009.
90 km/hBuses with trailers, cars with trailers, lorries with trailers, lorries weighing more than 3500 kg:
90 km/h on motorwaysVehicles driving by person with less than 2 years experience and vehicles used during driving lessons:
Dean Chalkley (born 2 April 1968) is a British photographer from Southend-on-Sea.
The Gau Upper Silesia (German: Gau Oberschlesien) was an administrative division of Nazi Germany from 1941 to 1945 in the Upper Silesia part of the Prussian Province of Silesia. The Gau was created when the Gau Silesia was split into Upper Silesia and Lower Silesia on 27 January 1941. The Gau included territory annexed by Nazi Germany after the German invasion of Poland.
André Clavé (1916–1981) was a French actor, director, theater director and Resistance fighter, deported during the Second World war, in the concentration camps of Buchenwald and of Dora.
« Le témoignage du talent est bien sommaire, seul le message humain est important. »
« The expression of the talent is too basic, alone the human message is important »
A list of notable National Hunt horse races which take place annually in Ireland, under the authority of Horse Racing Ireland, including all races which currently hold Grade 1 or Grade 2 status.
The Medina Museum is located in Braga, Portugal, in the same building of the Pius XII Museum. 
The collection comprises 83 oil paintings and 21 drawings of the naturalist painter Henrique Medina. Among the collection there are many portraits, still life and landscapes.The museum was inaugurated on 21 June 1984.Henrique Medina (1901-1988) was born in Porto where he graduated in art. He also studied in Paris, Rome and London. His work is represented in many different museums in Portugal and other countries.
Gaubald (c. 700 – 23 December 761) was the first bishop of Regensburg after the foundation of the diocese of Regensburg (he had been preceded by a number of episcopi vagantes active in the region). He has been beatified. The Orthodox Church recognises him as a saint, with his feast day on 8 January. His name is also spelled Gawibald, Geupald or Gaibald.
Barton Hall Hotel in Barton Seagrave near Kettering is a building of historical significance and is listed on the English Heritage Register. 
It was built in about 1550 and was the home of many notable residents over the next five centuries. Today it is a hotel which provides accommodation, restaurant facilities and caters for special events.
Diethylstilbestrol diacetate (DESDA) (brand name Hormostilboral Stark) is a synthetic, nonsteroidal estrogen of the stilbestrol group and an ester of diethylstilbestrol (DES) that was introduced for clinical use in the 1940s and was formerly marketed but is now no longer available.
The 2005 Manihiki by-election was a by-election in the Cook Islands electorate of Manihiki.  It was held on 8 February 2005, shortly after the 2004 general election, and was precipitated by an electoral petition finding the result in the seat to be a dead tie. Both parties to the petition, Prime Minister Robert Woonton and Cook Islands Party leader Henry Puna had agreed that in the event of a draw the question should be decided by the voters, and so Woonton resigned.  As a result, Jim Marurai became Prime Minister.Woonton subsequently decided not to contest the election for personal reasons.  The election was won by Henry Puna.
The Miss Supertalent of the World, operated by Suta Group, is a twice-yearly a global television & media event, founded by Thomas Zilliacus, former Regional Head Nokia Asia Pacific Rim and Lawrence Choi which has been held since 2011, participating fashion stars of beauty queen, supermodel, actress, pop artists, host, dance champion with unique format showcasing fashion and talent. It was held Seoul, Busan, Daegu in Asia and Paris, Nice, Milan, Ferrari Auto of Italy, Rome in Europe. Notable past contestants include Meriam George, Milett Figueroa, Anna Lundh, Diana Arno, Maria Sten, Dipna Patel, Malina Joshi. Lada Akimova, Bahari Ibaadat...
Holzminden internment camp was a large World War I detention camp (Internierungslager) located to the north-east of Holzminden, Lower Saxony, Germany, which existed from 1914 to 1918. It held civilian internees from allied nations. It was the largest internment camp in Germany, and in October 1918 held 4,240 civilians.It is not to be confused with Holzminden prisoner-of-war camp, a much smaller camp for British and British Empire officers, which occupied a former cavalry barracks nearer the centre of the town, and which existed from September 1917 to December 1918.
A list of all Stage Entertainment (Joop Van den Ende Theaterproducties / Stage Holding / Dodger Endemol Theatrical) productions, Stage Entertainment musicals produced by third parties under license are not included.
The Metropolitan Cathedral of Saint Sebastian (Spanish: Catedral Metropolitana San Sebastián) is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the Archdiocese of Cochabamba. It is located in the Plaza 14 de Septiembre in Cochabamba, Bolivia.
Wooden Shjips (pronounced "ships") is an American experimental and psychedelic rock band from San Francisco, California.
John Everetts (August 25, 1873 – September 12, 1956) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.
The 459th Flying Training Squadron is a United States Air Force squadron tasked with providing undergraduate flying training for Euro-NATO joint jet pilot candidates. Based at Sheppard Air Force Base in Texas, the unit draws its lineage from a fighter squadron that served in the China-Burma-India Theater during World War II, where it saw service against the Japanese. The squadron currently consists of instructors from seven different NATO countries.
"Grace Got You" is a song by American contemporary Christian music band MercyMe from their 2017 album Lifer. The song features guest vocals from American hip hop artist John Reuben. It was released on March 2, 2018, as the second single. The song peaked at No. 3 on the Hot Christian Songs chart. It also reached at No. 1 on the Christian Airplay chart, becoming their record extending 15th chart topper. It lasted 37 weeks on the overall chart. The song is played in a B minor key, and 87 beats per minute.It was nominated for the 2019 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Christian Music Performance/Song and appeared on WOW Hits 2019.
James Ross (August 14, 1851 – June 21, 1936) was a politician in Alberta, Canada and a municipal councillor in Edmonton.
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hellier Davis Evans, DSO, served as commanding officer of the New Zealand Cyclist Corps.  A long time member of New Zealand's volunteer forces he enlisted in the New Zealand Expeditionary Force at the outbreak of World War I, and served with distinction on the Western Front. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (second only to the Victoria Cross for officers), Mentioned in Despatches, and was one of only 14 members of the New Zealand Army to receive the French Legion of Honour decoration during the war.
Stutzia is a plant genus in the subfamily Chenopodioideae of the family Amaranthaceae. It was described in 2010, replacing the illegitimate name Endolepis. It comprises two species, that have also been included in the genus Atriplex.Stutzia species occur in western North America.
The Emperor Wears No Clothes is a non-fiction book written by Jack Herer.  Starting in 1973, the story begins when Herer takes the advice of his friend, "Captain" Ed Adair, and begins compiling tidbits of information about the Cannabis plant and its numerous uses, including as hemp and as a drug. After a dozen years of collecting and compiling historical data, Herer first published his work as The Emperor Wears No Clothes, in 1985.  The twelfth edition was published in November 2010, and the book continues to be cited in Cannabis rescheduling and re-legalization efforts.The book, backed by H.E.M.P. (United States), Hanf Haus (Germany), Sensi Seeds/Hash, Marihuana & Hemp Museum, Amsterdam, (Netherlands), and T.H.C., the Texas Hemp Campaign (United States), offers $100,000 to anyone who can disprove the claims made within.  Quoting from the book's back cover:
If all fossil fuels and their derivatives, as well as trees for paper and construction were banned in order to save the planet, reverse the Greenhouse Effect and stop deforestation; then there is only one known annually renewable natural resource that is capable of providing the overall majority of the world's paper and textiles; meet all of the world's transportation, industrial and home energy needs, while simultaneously reducing pollution, rebuilding the soil, and cleaning the atmosphere all at the same time... and that substance is -- the same one that did it all before -- Cannabis Hemp... Marijuana!
The title of the book alludes to Hans Christian Andersen's classic fairy tale "The Emperor's New Clothes" (1837).  Herer uses Andersen's story as an allegory for the current prohibition of Cannabis.
Botswana is divided into 17 administrative districts: 10 rural districts and 7 urban districts. These are administered by 16 local authorities (district councils, city councils or town councils).
Fruitland is an unincorporated community in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States. It is located on U.S. Route 61, 5 mi (8.0 km) north of Jackson and just over one mile north of the intersection of U.S. 61 and Interstate 55.
This is a list of the 82 cases reported in volume 124 of United States Reports, decided by the Supreme Court of the United States in 1888.
NFL Street 2 is American football video game developed by EA Sports BIG and published by Electronic Arts. It was originally released for the PlayStation 2, GameCube and Xbox on December 22, 2004. It features then-New York Giants tight end Jeremy Shockey and rapper Xzibit on the cover. The game is compatible with Madden NFL 06, as players can import their Own The City players to it. The game's compatibility also extends to other EA games like Need for Speed: Underground 2, SSX 3, Madden NFL 2005, NCAA Football 2005, NFL Street, GoldenEye: Rogue Agent, NBA Live 2005, and NBA Street Vol. 2, where if players have these games on their memory cards (or hard drive in Xbox's case), they can earn 25,000 points in the game.It was later ported to the PlayStation Portable in 2005 under the name NFL Street 2 Unleashed.
Nizhniye Karyavdy (Russian: Нижние Карьявды) is a rural locality (a selo) in Chekmagushevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 141 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Ashippun is a town in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. The census-designated place of Ashippun and unincorporated communities of Alderley and Old Ashippun are located in the town. The population was 2,308 at the 2000 census.
The primary community area is actually split into two parts, Ashippun and Old Ashippun. Old Ashippun was the original location, but when the first railroad was built several miles away, a large portion of the community relocated, as occurred with nearby Lebanon.
Vot Tande (IPA: [βɔt.taˈⁿdɛ]) is an uninhabited islet of the Banks Islands of northern Vanuatu. It is located about 50 km (31 mi) due north of the island of Mota Lava. The islet of Vot Tande has never been inhabited. It is host to thousands of sea birds—especially frigatebirds, which have given their name to the islet. It consists of two islands. The highest point of either of the islands is 64 meters above sea level.
Edwin Paul Swatek (January 7, 1885 – January 2, 1966) was an American backstroke swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.
Holloway Manor (also Holewey, Hollowey)  was a manor house on the Isle of Wight,  situated within the Newchurch parish. It lies just to the north of Ventnor. It was held of the honour of Carisbrooke Castle and formed part of the estate of John de Lisle in the Island at the end of the 13th century. It followed the descent of South Shorwell until 1641, when it is mentioned for the last time.  It is probably the same as the modern Ventnor Manor, which is mentioned for the first time in 1755 and then belonged to the Pophams of South Shorwell.  Nearly all the land in Ventnor was sold in 1820 by the Hill family to John Hamborough and building speculators,  and the manor no longer exists. Holloway can now only be identified by the Holy Well spring on the down, from which possibly the holding derived its name. In a dispute as to boundaries in 1617, witnesses deposed that Ventnor, Littletown and Holloway were tithings of themselves and that Sir Edward Dennis' ancestors kept court and law day at Holloway, where his tenants did suit royal.
The 2016–17 season was 16th season in the top Ukrainian football league for Volyn Lutsk. Volyn competed in Premier League and in the Ukrainian Cup. On May 12, 2017 Football Federation of Ukraine deducted six points from Volyn in order to implement the decision of FIFA Disciplinary Committee of 15 March 2017.  The club was penalized for failing to clear their debts with former player Saša Stević. As a result club lost all chances to stay in Premier League three matchdays ahead of season finish and was relegated to Ukrainian First League.
William "Bill" C. Fitzgerald (January 28, 1938 – August 7, 1967) was a United States Navy officer who was killed in action during the Vietnam War, while serving as an advisor to the Republic of Vietnam Navy.  He received the Navy Cross posthumously for his role in fighting off a Viet Cong attack.
Bryobium irukandjianum, commonly known as the small urchin orchid, is an epiphytic or lithophytic clump-forming orchid that has small, fleshy green pseudobulbs, each with two or three leaves and between seven and twelve small, short-lived, whitish to dull pink flowers.  This orchid only occurs in tropical North Queensland.
The 2011 Internazionali di Monza e Brianza was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor red clay courts. It was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Monza, Italy between 4 and 10 April 2011.
In the Eurocode series of European standards (EN) related to construction, Eurocode 8: Design of structures for earthquake resistance (abbreviated EN 1998 or, informally, EC 8) describes how to design structures in seismic zone, using the limit state design philosophy. It was approved by the European Committee for Standardization (CEN) on 23 April 2004. Its purpose is to ensure that in the event of earthquakes:
structures important for civil protection remain operational.The random nature of the seismic events and the limited resources available to counter their effects are such as to make the attainment of these goals only partially possible and only measurable in probabilistic terms. The extent of the protection that can be provided to different categories of buildings, which is only measurable in probabilistic terms, is a matter of optimal allocation of resources and is therefore expected to vary from country to country, depending on the relative importance of the seismic risk with respect to risks of other origin and on the global economic resources.
Special structures, such as nuclear power plants, offshore structures and large dams, are beyond the scope of EN 1998. EN 1998 contains only those provisions that, in addition to the provisions of the other relevant Eurocodes, must be observed for the design of structures in seismic regions. It complements in this respect the other EN Eurocodes.
Eurocode 8 comprises several documents, grouped in six parts numbered from EN 1998-1 to EN 1998-6.
John William Godward (9 August 1861 – 13 December 1922) was an English painter from the end of the Neo-Classicist era. He was a protégé of Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema, but his style of painting fell out of favour with the rise of modern art.
Äsköping is a locality situated in Katrineholm Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden with 342 inhabitants in 2010. It is the main settlement of the Julita district of the municipality and also located close to the namesake manor.
Todey and Tangta are two small villages in the Gorubathan CD block in the Kalimpong Sadar subdivision of the Kalimpong district in West Bengal, India.
Bukit Gasing is a tropical forest reserve in Malaysia. It straddles the federal territory of Kuala Lumpur, as well as the state of Selangor. Due to that, the reserve is governed by two different governments — the Kuala Lumpur City Hall and the government of Selangor. There are many hiking trails in Bukit Gasing.
4th and Brannan station is an at-grade light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system that is under construction. It will be an island platform located on the corner of 4th and Brannan streets in the South of Market, San Francisco (SoMa) district. Its construction is part of the Central Subway Project and it will be a future station on the T Third Street line. The station is projected to open for public service in Spring 2022.
Dagmara Nocuń (born 2 January 1996) is a Polish handballer for MKS Selgros Lublin and the Polish national team.She represented Poland at the 2020 European Women's Handball Championship.
Little Bear is a series of children's books, primarily involving the interaction of Little Bear (an anthropomorphic cub) and Mother Bear (his mother), written by Else Holmelund Minarik and illustrated by Maurice Sendak. Originally, the stories were simple, but eventually became more sophisticated in subsequent books as the plot and characters expanded.
The first four Little Bear books consist of four stories, each of which involves Little Bear and a slowly expanding cast of support characters, each named after their respective species. The Little Bear character and his immediate family display many bear-like characteristics and mannerisms, but only on occasion. They live in a culture and technology which seems to be the woodland version of a Little House on the Prairie setting, but with wealthier items. Little Bear is depicted as friendly and adventurous with his animal friends.
This series of books went on to spawn a TV series, Little Bear, including specials and a full-length direct-to-video release, the movie entitled The Little Bear Movie. The series was animated by Canadian  studio Nelvana and starred Kristin Fairlie as the voice of Little Bear. The TV series is aired on the Nick Jr. block.
The five original Little Bear books were illustrated by Maurice Sendak. In 2010, two years before her death,  Minarik published a sixth book, Little Bear and the Marco Polo, which was illustrated by Dorothy Doubleday.
Lake Alamosa is a former lake in Colorado. It existed from the Pliocene to the middle Pleistocene in the San Luis Valley, fed by glacial meltwater from surrounding mountain ranges. Water levels waxed and waned with the glacial stages until at highstand the lake (high water level in the lake) reached an elevation of 2,335 meters (7,661 ft) and probably a surface of over 4,000 square kilometers (1,500 sq mi), but only sparse remains of the former waterbody are visible today. The existence of the lake was postulated in the early 19th century and eventually proven in the early 20th century.
The lake eventually overflowed into the Rio Grande river system during the middle Pleistocene. The overflow cut down a valley that eventually drained the lake, leaving only the San Luis Closed Basin as a remnant. The Alamosa Formation is a rock formation left by the lake. Groundwater resources are contained trapped between sediments left by the former lake.
Borea is an unincorporated community located in the town of Superior, Douglas County, Wisconsin, United States.
A volcano tectonic earthquake is caused by the movement of magma beneath the surface of the Earth. The movement results in pressure changes where the rock around the magma has experienced stress. At some point, this stress can cause the rock to break or move. This seismic activity is used by scientists to monitor volcanoes. The earthquakes may also be related to dike intrusion or occur as earthquake swarms.
Waukegan Community Unit School District 60 (also known as Waukegan Public Schools or District 60, WCUSD) is in Waukegan, Illinois, and serves Waukegan, Park City, and parts of Beach Park. Total enrollment is approximately 16,000 in kindergarten through grade twelve. District 60 also provides pre-school and alternative education services.
Waukegan Public Schools is led by Superintendent Theresa Plascencia. Administrative offices are at the Lincoln Center for Education.
Nesopupa limatula is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
Dorothy At Forty was the first single taken from the album Happy Hollow by Cursive.  It was released as a teaser for Happy Hollow on July 11, 2006.  The album track "Dorothy At Forty" is backed with the exclusive non-album tracks "The Bitter End" and "The Censor".  All horn arrangements were done by Nate Walcott.
This single came with a download code to download the songs in MP3 format directly from Saddle Creek Records.
Chandrika Gururaj (born 1959), is an Indian playback singer, known for her works in Kannada. Apart from film songs, she has also recorded numerous devotional, bhaavageethe and folk songs. For her song "O Priyatama" in the movie Urvashi, Chandrika won the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer in 1994. Karnataka Government honoured her with the Karnataka Rajyotsava Award for her contribution to music, in 2010.
Jarome Luai (born 16 January 1997) is an Australian Born Maori  international rugby league footballer who plays as a five-eighth or halfback for the Penrith Panthers in the NRL with whom he won the 2021 NRL Premiership. 
Batuceper Station (Indonesian: Stasiun Batuceper) is a railway station located at Poris Plawad, Cipondoh, Tangerang, Indonesia. Although named as Batuceper, but the location of this station is not in the district of Batuceper, rather it is located at Cipondoh district of Tangerang. The station serves Greater Jakarta commuter rail and Soekarno–Hatta Airport Rail Link.This station is located opposite of Poris Plawad Bus Terminal. Next to the old station building, a new station building is built to serve the Soekarno–Hatta Airport Rail Link service exclusively. The new station is equipped with facilities such as vending machine, turnstiles, escalator, ATM gallery, waiting lounge, commercial area, meeting room, and mosque.
Scouting Ireland (Irish: Gasóga na hÉireann) is one of the largest youth movements on the island of Ireland, a voluntary educational movement for young people with over 45,000 members, including over 11,000 adult volunteers early 2020. Of the 750,000 people between the ages of 6 and 18 in Ireland, over 6% are involved with the organisation. It was founded in 2004, following the amalgamation of two of the Scouting organisations on the island. It is the World Organization of the Scout Movement-recognised Scouting association in the Republic of Ireland. In Northern Ireland it operates alongside The Scout Association of the UK and the Baden-Powell Scout Association.
The organisation is independent, non-political, and open to all young people without distinction of origin, race, creed, sexual orientation, spiritual belief or gender, in accordance with the purpose, principles and method conceived by Lord Baden-Powell and as stated by WOSM. The aim of the organisation is to encourage the social, physical, intellectual, character, emotional, and spiritual development aspects (known as the SPICES) of young people "so that they may achieve their full potential and as responsible citizens, to improve society". The process of founding the new organisation came on 21 June 2003, after a merger between Scouting Ireland C.S.I. and Scouting Ireland S.A.I. was announced, becoming effective on 1 January 2004. Its national office is at Larch Hill, County Dublin.The organisation, which is registered with the Companies Registration Office as a company, is headed by the Chief Scout, and governed by a Board of Directors who are answerable to the Scout Groups as company members. A small professional staff team is led by a Chief Executive Officer.
The Hampshire Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army, created as part of the Childers Reforms in 1881 by the amalgamation of the 37th (North Hampshire) Regiment of Foot and the 67th (South Hampshire) Regiment of Foot. The regiment existed continuously for 111 years and served in the Second Boer War, World War I and World War II. In 1946, due to distinguished service in World War II, the regiment was retitled as the Royal Hampshire Regiment.
On 9 September 1992, after over 111 years of service, the Royal Hampshire Regiment was amalgamated with the Queen's Regiment to form a new large regiment, the Princess of Wales's Royal Regiment, which continues the traditions of the Royal Hampshires.
Aleksandar Trajkovski (Macedonian: Александар Трајковски; born 5 September 1992) is a Macedonian footballer who plays for Saudi Professional League club Al-Fayha and the North Macedonia national team. Mainly a forward, he can also play as a winger or an attacking midfielder.
The Korean Central History Museum is a museum located in Pyongyang, North Korea. The museum is located at the north end of Kim Il-sung Square. It contains displays on Korean history from primitive society to the modern age.
Charlotte Pothuis (1 April 1867 – 24 January 1945) was a Dutch painter.
This partial list of city nicknames in Louisiana compiles the aliases, sobriquets and slogans that cities in Louisiana are known by (or have been known by historically), officially and unofficially, to municipal governments, local people, outsiders or their tourism boards or chambers of commerce. City nicknames can help in establishing a civic identity, helping outsiders recognize a community or attracting people to a community because of its nickname; promote civic pride; and build community unity. Nicknames and slogans that successfully create a new community "ideology or myth" are also believed to have economic value. Their economic value is difficult to measure, but there are anecdotal reports of cities that have achieved substantial economic benefits by "branding" themselves by adopting new slogans.Some unofficial nicknames are positive, while others are derisive. The unofficial nicknames listed here have been in use for a long time or have gained wide currency.
Breaux Bridge – Crayfish Capital of the World or Crawfish Capital of the World (In Louisiana vernacular, "Crawfish" would be the correct way to say it.)
"We Didn't Start the Fire" is a song written and performed by American musician Billy Joel. The song was released as a single on September 27, 1989, and later released as part of Joel's album Storm Front on October 17, 1989. A list song, its fast-paced lyrics include brief references to 118 significant political, cultural, scientific, and sporting events between 1949, the year of Joel's birth, and 1989, in a mainly chronological order. The song was nominated for the Grammy Award for Record of the Year and became Joel's third single to reach number one on the United States Billboard Hot 100 in late 1989. Storm Front became Joel's third album to reach number one in the United States. "We Didn't Start the Fire", particularly in the 21st century, has become the basis of many pop culture parodies, and continues to be repurposed in various television shows, advertisements, and comedic productions.
The Tamsui Historical Museum (traditional Chinese: 淡水古蹟博物館; simplified Chinese: 淡水古迹博物馆; pinyin: Dànshuǐ Gǔjī Bówùguǎn) is a museum in Tamsui District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
Mahindu (r. c. 994–1015 CE), also known as Mahendra or Mahindra, was an Indian king belonging to the Naddula Chahamana dynasty. He ruled the area around Naddula (present-day Nadol in Rajasthan).
The Barcaldine Power Station is a combined-cycle power station in Barcaldine, Queensland.  Its NEMMCO registered capacity as of January 2009 was 55 MW.
According to the Geoscience Australia database, it is also known as the Len Wishaw power station and consists of a 38 MW gas turbine and a 15MW steam turbine.  The steam turbine at the power station is to be taken offline.The power station was built by Energy Equity Corporation, with the gas turbine being completed in 1995 and the steam turbine added in 1999.  The station had originally been planned for Blackall.  Enertrade acquired the station and associated gas pipeline in June 2003.  With the dissolution of Enertrade in May 2007, the station and pipeline were acquired by Ergon Energy Queensland Pty Ltd.
Gowri Habba is a Hindu festival celebrated a day before Ganesh Chaturthi in Karnataka.
This festival celebrates the goddess Gowri or Gauri, (also known as Parvati) who is venerated as the mother of Ganesha. It is usually observed by married women and is a significant festival in Karnataka. It is known as Hartalika in the North Indian states of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh. Gowri, the mother of Ganesha and wife of Shiva, is worshipped throughout India for her ability to bestow upon her devotees courage and power. Hindu belief has it that Gowri is the incarnation of Aadhi Shakthi Mahamaya. She is the Shakthi of Shiva. It is believed that on Thadige, or the third day of the month of Bhaadra, Gowri comes home like any married woman comes to her parents' house. The next day Ganesha, her son, comes as if to take her back to Kailasa.
The Swarna Gowri vratha is performed on the occasion to appease the goddess.
Losh, Wilson and Bell, later Bells, Goodman, then Bells, Lightfoot and finally Bell Brothers, was a leading Northeast England manufacturing company, founded in 1809 by the partners William Losh, Thomas Wilson, and Thomas Bell.
The firm was founded at Newcastle-upon-Tyne with an ironworks and an alkali works nearby at Walker. The alkali works was the first in England to make soda using the Leblanc process; the ironworks was the first to use Cleveland Ironstone, presaging the 1850s boom in ironmaking on Teesside.
The so-called discoverer of Cleveland Ironstone, the mining engineer John Vaughan, ran a rolling mill for the company before leaving to found the major rival firm Bolckow Vaughan. The other key figure in the company was Lowthian Bell, son of Thomas Bell; he became perhaps the best known ironmaster in England.
As Bell Brothers, the firm continued until 1931, when it was taken over by rival Dorman Long.
Strother Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel at 1201 Van Drive in Seminole, Oklahoma. It is located in the Maple Grove Cemetery.
It was built in 1928 in honor of O. D. Strother, a founding father of the local oil industry. Over the following 70 years it fell into disrepair, and then was restored through the efforts of the Maple Grove Cemetery Association and the Seminole Historical Society. The chapel was added to the National Register in 2003.
Meri Zindagi Hai Tu (English lit ; My Life is You) is a 2014 Pakistani drama serial directed by Amin Iqbal, produced by A&B Entertainment and written by Faiza Iftikhar. The drama stars Ahsan Khan, Maya Ali and Aiza Khan in lead roles. The drama was first aired 20 September 2013 on Geo Entertainment, being aired on prime slot on Friday at 8:00 pm. The serial also aired on Indian channel Zindagi (TV Channel) under the same title.
Yeni Tahircal (also, Taardzhal, Tairdzhal, Tardzhal, and Yeny-Tairdzhal) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Thea Andrews (born October 4, 1973) is a Canadian journalist and television personality in both sports and entertainment news, as well as hosting reality competition and morning shows. From October 2003 to November 2006, she served as co-host on several ESPN shows such as Cold Pizza (2003–2005), Breakfast at Churchill Downs (2004–2006), Breakfast at Pimlico (2004–2006), The ESPY Red Carpet Show (2005–2006), ESPN Hollywood (2005–2006) and Sports and Hollywood (2006). Andrews reported on horse racing, college basketball and college football for the network.
She used to host a Saturday night counter programming block against Hockey Night in Canada called Guys TV on TSN, and a Canadian cable show titled Cooking for Love. She was a correspondent and host on Entertainment Tonight from November 2006 to October 2009. Andrews hosted the first season of Top Chef Canada and Nigel Lythgoe's country music singing competition, CMT's Next Superstar. From January 2013 to July 2015, she co-hosted The Insider.
Bronisław Krzywobłocki (19 June 1857 – 25 October 1943) was a Polish military officer and a Colonel of the Polish Army. He served during the Polish-Bolshevik War of 1920 in a variety of posts, including as the commanding officer of the 46th Kresy Rifles Infantry Regiment.
Foreign relations between Barbados and Japan were formally established on 29 August 1967. Japan is accredited to Barbados from its regional Embassy in Port of Spain (Trinidad and Tobago) and an honorary consulate in the parish of Saint George.  Barbados is represented in Japan through a non-resident ambassador in Bridgetown.  Japan's new Ambassador for Barbados, Mitsuhiko Okada announced a new direct embassy to Barbados would be established located in Bridgetown in February 2016 .
Harshad Trivedi (born 17 July 1958) is a Gujarati language poet, short story writer, critic and editor from Gujarat, India. He was an editor of Shabdasrishti, an organ of Gujarat Sahitya Akademi, from 1995 to 2015. Trivedi has served in different positions at several Gujarati literary institutions.
The Soul Train Music Awards is an annual music awards show which previously aired in national broadcast syndication, and honors the best in African-American culture music and entertainment.  It is produced by the makers of Soul Train, the program from which it takes its name, and features musical performances by various contemporary R&B and soul music recording artists interspersed throughout the ceremonies. The special traditionally used to air in either February, March or April, but now airs the last weekend of November (in most years, Thanksgiving weekend).
The Soul Train Music Awards voting body includes active professionals in the fields of radio programming and music retail and management and recording artists with records that have charted in designated music trade publications in the year prior to proceedings. Past hosts for the show include such R&B luminaries as Luther Vandross, Dionne Warwick, Patti LaBelle, Will Smith, Vanessa Williams, Taraji P. Henson, and Gladys Knight.The Soul Train Music Award trophy has featured an African ceremonial mask since its 1987 introduction. A new trophy was designed by Tristan Eaton of Thunderdog Studios in 2009 and is manufactured by New York firm Society Awards. From 1995 to 2005 a separate award show named Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards was held, honoring female artists.
Year 1257 (MCCLVII) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
António José da Silva Coutinho (8 May 1705 – 18 October 1739) was a Portuguese-Brazilian dramatist born in colonial Brazil, known as "the Jew" (O Judeu). The Brazilian spelling of his first name is Antônio; António José da Silva in Hebrew is אנטוניו ז'וזה דה סילווה‎.
Onslow is a city in Jones County, Iowa, United States. The population was 201 at the time of the 2020 census. It is part of the Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Granaria frumentum is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chondrinidae.
"Blood and Fire" is an episode written by David Gerrold initially for Star Trek: The Next Generation, but instead developed into a novel and later filmed for the fan series Star Trek: New Voyages.
The 1375 Yellow River flood was a natural disaster affecting the area around Kaifeng, China during the early Ming dynasty. Contemporary sources mentioned a death toll of between 15,000 and 25 people, most of them farmers. The philosopher Wang Yangming mentioned the 1375 Yellow River flood as an example of how even a virtuous man can be destroyed by the power of nature.
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes is a 1978 American parody film produced by J. Stephen Peace and John DeBello, and directed by John DeBello based upon an original idea by Costa Dillon. The screenplay was written by Dillon, Peace, and  DeBello. The film is a spoof of B movies. Made on a budget less than US$ 100,000 the story involves tomatoes becoming sentient by unknown means and revolting against humanity.
The box office success of the film led to three sequels, all co-written by the same three writers and directed by DeBello.
India held general elections to the 7th Lok Sabha in January 1980. The Janata Party alliance came into power after the elections to the 6th Lok Sabha held in 1977, riding the public anger against the Congress and the Emergency but its position was weak. The loose coalition barely held on to a majority with only 295 seats in the Lok Sabha and never quite had a firm grip on power.INC(I) won 25 seats out of 26 seats in Gujarat with only Mehsana seat bagged by the Janata Party.
Frontera Comalapa is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico. It covers an area of 717.90 km².
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 67,012, up from 52,168 as of 2005.As of 2010, the city of Frontera Comalapa had a population of 18,704. Other than the city of Frontera Comalapa, the municipality had 291 localities, the largest of which (with 2010 populations in parentheses) were: Paso Hondo (3,654), classified as urban, and Ciudad Cuauhtémoc (2,325), Verapaz (2,237), Doctor Rodulfo Figueroa (Tierra Blanca) (2,218), Nueva Independencia (Lajerío) (2,001), Sabinalito (1,808), Joaquín Miguel Gutiérrez (Quespala) (1,701), San Caralampio (1,604), Agua Zarca (1,495), Nueva Libertad (1,329), El Triunfo de las Tres Maravillas (1,300), Monte Redondo (1,183), Guadalupe Grijalva (1,034), Sinaloa (1,020), and El Portal (1,002), classified as rural.
Ibrahima Koné (born 16 June 1999) is a Malian professional footballer who plays as a forward for FC Lorient  and the Mali national team.
Moraea, the Cape tulips, is a genus of plants in the family Iridaceae, first described as a genus in 1758. The group is widespread across Africa, the Mediterranean, and central and southwestern Asia. The genus name is a tribute to the English botanist Robert More.Moraeas have iris-like flowers.
The corms of some species have been used as food, however they are usually small and some species are unpleasant, and some are poisonous.Some Moraea species are:
The Rakaia Bridge is New Zealand's longest road bridge and crosses the Rakaia River, one of Canterbury's large braided rivers. The present bridge was opened in 1939 and replaced an earlier combined road and rail bridge from 1873. The present road bridge is just downstream from the rail bridge and forms part of State Highway 1.
Don "Magic" Juan, (born Donald Campbell November 30, 1950, also known as The Chairman of the Board, Archbishop Don 'Da Magic' Juan, Bishop Magic Juan, or just Bishop) is an American former pimp, preacher, hip hop personality, actor, and fashion designer from Chicago. He is also the founder of the Players Ball, an annual celebration of his former "pimp" lifestyle.
Keep It Hid is the debut solo album by the American blues-rock musician Dan Auerbach of the Black Keys, released in 2009 on Nonesuch Records. The second track "I Want Some More" was featured in Season 2, Episode 2 of Peaky Blinders. The final track "Goin' Home" was included in the soundtrack of the 2009 film Up in the Air.
St. John of God Roman Catholic Church, Convent, and School is a historic church near the unincorporated community of Boltonville in the Town of Farmington, Wisconsin. The church was built from Cream City brick in 1891, although the congregation has existed since the 1850s.
The Town of Farmington was historically a German community, but the St. John of God congregation was organized by Irish immigrants who settled in the Boltonville area and elected not to join one of the town's German-speaking Catholic churches. In 1860, they constructed a church building which no longer exists and was replaced by the 1891 structure.
In 1868, the Sisters of St. Agnes, a Catholic order founded in the Village of Barton, Wisconsin, built a school and a convent on the church property. The nuns served as public school teachers until at least 1892, and also taught parochial classes in the convent until 1879. Both buildings were abandoned around the turn of the century and were stripped for materials in the 1930s. Only the buildings' fieldstone-and-mortar walls remain.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Gregory County, South Dakota.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Gregory County, South Dakota, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.There are 12 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another 2 properties were once listed but have been removed.
This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted January 28, 2022.
Richard Friberg is a Swedish economist specialized in industrial organization, international trade, and risk management. He is the Jacob Wallenberg professor of economics at the Stockholm School of Economics.
Yossef Bodansky (born May 1, 1954 in Israel) and died December 5, 2021 in Maryland, USA. He was an Israeli-American political scientist who served as Director of the Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare of the US House of Representatives from 1988 to 2004. He was also Director of Research of the International Strategic Studies Association and has been a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins University's Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS). In the 1980s, he served as a senior consultant for the Department of Defense and the Department of State.The work of the Congressional Task Force (which had been established in 1981) involved staff producing what they described as "ground truth" by "repeated visits to the areas they were studying and [developing] face-to-face relationships with their sources" and actively participated in supporting them. According to a compilation of Task Force reports published in 2007, "Task Force staff members went into Afghanistan and rode with the mujahideen as they fought against the Soviets. They helped the fighters secure the weapons and humanitarian aid they needed and evacuate the seriously wounded." The Task Force also contributed to related legislation, including authoring "key parts of the Diplomatic Security and Anti-Terrorism Act" (1986), allowing the FBI to investigate outside the US. Task Force reports did not generally divulge sourcing in public reports, and fully referenced versions of their reports were released only to the Task Force chairmen, and not even to other committee members.Bodansky was also a senior editor for the Defense and Foreign Affairs group of publications and a contributor to the International Military and Defense Encyclopedia and was on the Advisory Council of The Intelligence Summit. Bodansky's numerous articles have been published in Global Affairs, Jane's Defence Weekly, Defense and Foreign Affairs: Strategic Policy and other periodicals.Bodansky was a Director of Global Panel America (Global Panel Foundation), and a director of the related Prague Society, a non-governmental organization which grew out of the dissident movement, with the aim of tracking down former members of the Communist-era of Secret Police. The Prague Society has created a network among governmental and private-sector figures.
Director of Revenue of Mo. v. CoBank ACB, 531 U.S. 316 (2001), was a United States Supreme Court case decided in 2001. The case concerned whether CoBank is exempt from state income tax requirements. A unanimous Court held that they are not exempt.
Coraid, Inc. is a computer data storage vendor that provides storage area network (SAN) products that use Ethernet, headquartered in Athens, Georgia.
Marisa Paterson (born 1982) is an Australian anthropologist, academic and politician. She was elected to the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly in 2020, representing the Australian Labor Party.
Touge (峠, tōge) is a Japanese word literally meaning "pass". It refers to a mountain pass or any of the narrow, winding roads that can be found in and around the mountains of Japan and other geographically similar areas.
In order to decrease the incline of mountain roads, thereby making them easier for commercial trucks to pass, engineers place a series of S bends in steep roads that provide access to and from high mountain elevations. These passes have become popular with street racers and motorsport enthusiasts, because they provide a challenging – albeit dangerous – course.
Fábio Vidrago (born 28 October 1988) is a Portuguese handball player for the Portuguese national team.
The Museo Ideale Leonardo da Vinci is located in Vinci, Leonardo da Vinci's birthplace, in the province of Florence, Italy. It is part of the Museo leonardiano di Vinci.
Juan Galván (? -?) was a Spanish soldier and explorer who served as an ensign and explorer in San Antonio, Texas. It was on his recommendation that the Presidio San Saba was established.
Aslauga kallimoides, the imitating aslauga, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in southern Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Equateur).
Hollywood is an American neighborhood in the central region of Los Angeles, California.  Its name has come to be a shorthand reference for the U.S. film industry and the people associated with it.  Many of its studios such as Columbia Pictures, Disney, Paramount Pictures, Warner Bros., and Universal Pictures were founded there; Paramount still has its studios there.
Hollywood was incorporated as a municipality in 1903. It was consolidated with the city of Los Angeles in 1910 and soon thereafter a prominent film industry emerged, eventually becoming the most recognizable in the world.
Travis Draft is an actor and entertainer. He has played over 500 characters on TV.  He is most known for appearing on Buzzkill.
The phases of Venus are the variations of lighting seen on the planet's surface, similar to lunar phases. The first recorded observations of them are thought to have been telescopic observations by Galileo Galilei in 1610. Although the extreme crescent phase of Venus has since been observed with the naked eye, there are no indisputable historical pre-telescopic records of it being described or known.
The Springfield Metropolitan Exposition and Auditorium Authority (SMEAA) is the elected board that governs the Prairie Capital Convention Center in downtown Springfield, Illinois.
The Mantaro River (Spanish: Río Mantaro, Quechua: Hatunmayu) is a long river running through the central region of Peru. Its Quechua name means "great river". The word "Mantaro" may be a word originally from the Ashaninka language, who live downstream along the Ene River. The Mantaro, along with the Apurimac River, are the sources of the Amazon River, depending on the criteria used for definition.
Dendrotriton xolocalcae, commonly known as the Xolocalca bromeliad salamander or Xolocalco bromeliad salamander, is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae. It is endemic to Chiapas, Mexico, and only known from its type locality, Cerro Ovando, at an elevation of about 2,000 m (6,600 ft) asl. The specific name xolocalcae is derived from the Indian name of Cerro Ovando, Xolocalco.
WINtA is a music video game for the iOS platform, developed pro bono by Masaya Matsuura’s NanaOn-Sha Studio and Triangle Studios, published by ngmoco under the OneBigGame charity initiative. Profits go to Save the Children and the Starlight Foundation
Matsuura-san explained in an interview that through WINtA and the OneBigGame initiative, he wishes to "contribute to the games developer society and communities".
The Durant Public School District was a public school district based in Durant, Mississippi, United States. The district served students in the City of Durant.Effective July 1, 2018 the Durant school district and the Holmes County School District consolidated into the Holmes County Consolidated School District.As of 2016 the superintendent was Edwin Robinson. It operated a single school, Durant Public School, with elementary and secondary divisions.
Behold the Man (1969) is a science fiction novel by British writer Michael Moorcock. It originally appeared as a novella in a 1966 issue of New Worlds; later, Moorcock produced an expanded version which was first published in 1969 by Allison & Busby. The title derives from the Gospel of John, Chapter 19, Verse 5: "Then Jesus came out, wearing the crown of thorns and the purple robe. And Pilate said to them Behold the Man".
In the novel, Moorcock weaves an existentialist tale about Karl Glogauer, a man who travels from the year 1970 in a time machine to 28 AD, where he hopes to meet the historical Jesus of Nazareth.
The Seattle Mariners 1994 season was their 18th since the franchise creation, and ended the season finishing 3rd in the American League West, finishing with a 49–63 (.438) record. The season was cut short by the infamous 1994 player's strike, which began on August 12.The Mariners played their final twenty games on the road, due to interior ceiling repairs at the Kingdome; they were 10–1 in August, and won their final six games.
Samaritan Aramaic, or Samaritan, was the dialect of Aramaic used by the Samaritans in their sacred and scholarly literature.  This should not be confused with the Samaritan Hebrew language of the Scriptures. Samaritan Aramaic ceased to be a spoken language some time between the 10th and the 12th centuries.
In form it resembles the Aramaic of the Targumim, and is written in the Samaritan alphabet.
Important works written in Samaritan include the translation of the Samaritan Pentateuch in the form of the targum paraphrased version.  There are also legal, exegetical and liturgical texts, though later works of the same kind were often written in Arabic.
Polypylis hemisphaerula is a species of gastropods belonging to the family Planorbidae.The species is found in Japan and Southeastern Asia.
The MA Program in Transatlantic Studies at Jagiellonian University, is a full-time, interdisciplinary graduate  program  in Krakow, Poland, geared predominantly towards international students. Students pursuing their Master of Arts focus mainly on the relationships between North America and Europe. This program, which began in 2007, offers an innovative  approach to international affairs at one of Central Europe's oldest institutions. The two-year plan of study includes three semesters of in-classroom education and a fourth semester for a thesis defense. Students are able to choose from a wide array of courses covering the synergy between culture, politics, international relations, history, and economics. The program is commonly referred to as "TAS" and uses English as the only language of instruction. Graduates of the program receive a diploma in cultural studies with major in transatlantic studies and are accredited according to the international Bologna Process (European Credit Transfer System) with 120 ECTS points.
Lil Dagover (German: [lil ˈdaː.ɡo.vɐ] (listen); born Marie Antonia Siegelinde Martha Seubert; 30 September 1887 – 23 January 1980) was a German actress whose film career spanned between 1913 and 1979. She was one of the most popular and recognized film actresses in the Weimar Republic.
Porte de Montreuil (French pronunciation: ​[pɔʁt də mɔ̃tʁœj]) is a station on line 9 of the Paris Métro. The station has four tracks, two of which are sidings. Like that of Porte de Charenton, the train hall boasts an unusually wide vault, at 22.5 m across.: 27  The station is named after the Porte de Montreuil, a gate in the nineteenth century Thiers wall of Paris, which led to the town of Montreuil. Flea markets are held on the glacis (the sloping bank in front of a wall) of the fortifications.
The station was opened on 10 December 1933 with the extension of the line from Richelieu - Drouot. It was the eastern terminus of the line until the extension of the line to Mairie de Montreuil on 14 October 1937. An interchange with Paris tramway Line 3b opened on 15 December 2012.
Giovanni del Fantasia (1670–1743) was an Italian architect and engineer, operating in a Baroque style, mainly in and around Livorno, region of Tuscany, Italy.
He served as Provedditore of the Regia Fabbriche of Livorno.Among his works in Livorno are:
Lovesick Ellie (Japanese: 恋わずらいのエリー, Hepburn: Koi Wazurai no Ellie) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Fujimomo. It was serialized in Kodansha's Dessert magazine from July 2015 to May 2020. It was published in twelve tankōbon volumes.
Bashmanovo (Russian: Башманово) is a rural locality (a village) in Kubenskoye Rural Settlement, Kharovsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 11 as of 2002.
Year 208 (CCVIII) was a leap year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Aurelius and Geta (or, less frequently, year 961 Ab urbe condita). The denomination 208 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
The National Party for Development and Welfare (Arabic: الحزب الوطني للتنمية والرفاه) is a minor political party in Libya, represented in the General National Congress. It was founded in 2012 by Ali Zeidan, the country's first Prime Minister under the title State of Libya.
The European Individual Chess Championship is a chess tournament organised by the European Chess Union. It was established in 2000 and has since then taken place on a yearly basis.
Apart from determining the European champions (absolute and women's), another object of this tournament is to determine a number of players who qualify for the FIDE World Cup and the knockout Women's World Championship.
Katusice is a municipality and village in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 800 inhabitants.
Leeds Youth Opera is an opera company whose performers are aged 12 to 25, based in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. The Yorkshire Post described the group as a "national cultural treasure".
Otago Girls' High School (OGHS) is a secondary school in Dunedin, Otago, New Zealand. It was opened 6 February 1871, after a long campaign by Learmonth Whyte Dalrymple. It is reputedly the oldest girls state-run secondary school in the Southern Hemisphere and the sixth oldest of its type in the world.The school has its own radio show on Otago Access Radio.
Linguaglossa (Sicilian: Linguarossa) is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Catania in Sicily, located on the northern side of Mount Etna where there is also a ski resort with view on the Ionian sea. It was founded on a lava stream in 1566. The name literally means 'Tongue Tongue', with lingua and γλῶσσα (glôssa) being respectively the Latin and Greek words for 'tongue'.
Skaer Fjord, (Danish: Skærfjorden, meaning "Reef Fjord") is a fjord in King Frederick VIII Land, northeastern Greenland.
Kabuto Station (甲駅, Kabuto-eki) was a railway station located in Anamizu, Ishikawa, Japan. This station was abandoned on April 1, 2005 when the line was discontinued.
Made in Cleveland (formerly titled Cleveland, I Love You) is a 2013 anthology film consisting of 11 short films featuring the work of seven different directors and five screenwriters. The short films all relate in some way to the subject of life, love, and the pursuit of happiness in Cleveland, Ohio.  The film was written, directed, produced largely by people with connections to Cleveland, and it stars a cast and crew consisting predominantly of current or former Clevelanders, including Shaker Heights native Jamie Babbit and Cleveland natives Eric Swinderman and Robert C. Banks, Jr. The film stars an ensemble cast, among them Busy Philipps, Gillian Jacobs, George Roth, Jeffrey Grover, Robin Swoboda, Leon Bibb, Brendan Potter, Derek Koger, Linda Ryan, Robbie Barnes, Charlie Martini, and others. Made in Cleveland premiered June 13, 2013 at the historic Atlas Cinemas Lakeshore 7 theater in Euclid, Ohio. It opened June 21 in five Atlas Cinemas theaters in Ohio, and was well reviewed in the local press. Made in Cleveland will be released by its distributor, Striped Entertainment, in additional select cities in the United States in Summer 2013.
The Sylvia Plath effect is the phenomenon that poets are more susceptible to mental illness than other creative writers. The term was coined in 2001 by psychologist James C. Kaufman, and implications and possibilities for future research are discussed. The effect is named after Sylvia Plath, who died by suicide at the age of 30.
Kaufman's work further demonstrated that female poets were more likely to experience mental illness than any other class of writers. In addition, female poets were more likely to be mentally ill than other eminent women, such as politicians, actresses, and artists.Although many studies (e.g., Andreasen, 1987; Jamison, 1989; Ludwig, 1995) have demonstrated that creative writers are prone to mental illness, this relationship has not been examined in depth. 
Kaufman himself wrote an editorial for Europe’s Journal of Psychology classifying his essay as inacurrate and stated "As I matured and studied more aspects of creativity, I was less thrilled about the Sylvia Plath Effect legacy [...] I made several arguments against the importance of my own work".From early adolescence through adulthood, women are twice as likely as men to experience depression.Plath's illness and suicide have spawned many articles in scientific journals, but almost all have been focused on issues of psychodynamic explanation and have been unsuccessful in dealing directly with the clinical history and diagnosis. Undeniably, the view has been broadly proliferated that hers was a typical manic-depressive illness.
The Lordship of Parliament of Carlyle of Torthorwald (Lord Carlyle of Torthorwald) was created in the Peerage of Scotland around 1473 for Sir John Carlyle. In 1638, the sixth lord resigned the lordship to the Earl of Queensberry.
John Sherwood (1913 - 2002) is an author of fiction. He wrote the cozy Celia Grant Horticultural mystery series, amongst others.
Curtomerus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
The Crazy Cats (クレージーキャッツ, Kurējī kyattsu, also known as Hajime Hana and the Crazy Cats) were a Japanese jazz band and comedy group popular in film and television, particularly between the 1950s and 1970s. Led by Hajime Hana, the band's other main members were Kei Tani, Hitoshi Ueki, Hiroshi Inuzuka, Senri Sakurai, Shin Yasuda, and Ētarō Ishibashi.
Knightsbridge is a hamlet neighbouring Elmstone-Hardwicke and Uckington, close to Junction 10 of the M5 motorway, near Cheltenham in Gloucestershire, England.
In addition to residential housing, Knightsbridge is home to a small business park.
The Shire of Augusta Margaret River is a local government area in the south-west corner of the South West region of Western Australia, approximately 270 kilometres (168 mi) south of Perth. The shire covers an area of 2,243 square kilometres (866 sq mi) and had a population of over 14,000 at the 2016 Census, about half of whom live in the towns of Margaret River and Augusta.
Nearly half of Augusta Margaret River's land area is state forest or national park. National parks include Scott National Park and Leeuwin-Naturaliste National Park. Other land uses include agriculture, especially dairy and beef cattle; viticulture; and tourism.
Christer Boucht, born 4 March 1911 in Vaasa, Finland, and died 21 May 2009, in the same city. He was a Finnish-Swedish lawyer, adventure traveler and writer. Christer Boucht served as a young reserve officer in both the Winter War and the Continuation War. In 1966 he was the first man from Finland to cross the Greenland ice on skis and by dog team. He has written several books on his polar expeditions in northern Canada and the journey across Greenland. In some of his books, he has also described the experiences from Finlands wars during the second world war.
Christer Boucht was for many years an active member in the Finnish Arctic Society and in 2002 he became honorary member of the Society.
The AAI Aerosonde is a small unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) designed to collect weather data, including temperature, atmospheric pressure, humidity, and wind measurements over oceans and remote areas.  The Aerosonde was developed by Insitu, and is now manufactured by Aerosonde Ltd, which is a strategic business of AAI Corporation.  The Aerosonde is powered by a modified Enya R120 model aircraft engine, and carries on board a small computer, meteorological instruments, and a GPS receiver for navigation. It is also used by the United States Armed Forces for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR).
Szucie [ˈʂut͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
A sampan is a relatively flat-bottomed Chinese and Malay wooden boat.  Some sampans include a small shelter on board and may be used as a permanent habitation on inland waters. Sampans are generally used for transportation in coastal areas or rivers and are often used as traditional fishing boats. It is unusual for a sampan to sail far from land, as they do not have the means to survive rough weather.
The word "sampan" comes from the original Cantonese term for the boats, sāam báan (三板), literally meaning "three planks". The name referred to the hull design, which consists of a flat bottom (made from one plank) joined to two sides (the other two planks). The design closely resembles Western hard chine boats like the scow or punt. Pierre-Yves Manguin has pointed out possible Austronesian origin of the word, attested in a Malay inscription from 684 CE.Sampans may be propelled by poles, oars (particularly a single, long sculling oar called a yuloh) or may be fitted with outboard motors.
Sampans are still in use by rural residents of Southeast Asia, particularly in Malaysia, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Sri Lanka and Vietnam.
In the Malay community in Southeast Asia, they also use the term sampan for their boats. Large boats such as sampan panjang, kolek and perahu panjang are used and built by the Malays and Orang Laut living in their coastal villages.
Eudonia ycarda is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1929. It is found in Guatemala and Orizaba, Mexico.
The wingspan is 10–13 mm. The forewings are grey, with white lines. The inner line followed by a moderate black shade. The terminal area is dark, with only traces of a pale sinuate subterminal line. Adults have been recorded on wing in July and November.
Lyle Elden Gramley (January 14, 1927 – March 22, 2015) was an American economist. Involved in economic policymaking during the Carter and Reagan presidencies, he served on the Council of Economic Advisers from 1977 to 1980, and on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors from 1980 to 1985.Born in Aurora, Illinois, Gramley graduated from Beloit College in 1951. He then earned his Ph.D. from Indiana University.
"'Loving You (Is a Way of Life)" is a song recorded by New Zealand singer-songwriter, Jon Stevens. The song was produced by Steve Robinson. It was released in June 1980 as Stevens' fourth single and peaked at number 28 in New Zealand.The track is not included on his debut album, Jezebel, however the B-side track, "The Honeymoon is Over" is.
The Mabuhay Gardens, also known as The Fab Mab or The Mab, was a former San Francisco nightclub, located at 443 Broadway Street, in North Beach on the Broadway strip area best known for its striptease clubs. It closed in 1987.
Altonaer FC von 1893 (AFC) is a German association football club based in the Altona district of the city of Hamburg. The football team is a department of a larger sports club which also offers handball, karate, table tennis, and volleyball.
The Coeur d'Alene  (also Skitswish; natively Schi̲tsu'umsh) are a Native American nation and one of five federally recognized tribes in the state of Idaho.
The Coeur d'Alene have sovereign control of their Coeur d'Alene Reservation, which includes a significant portion of Lake Coeur d'Alene and its submerged lands. In Idaho v. United States (2001), the United States Supreme Court ruled against the state's claim of the submerged lands of the lower third of Lake Coeur d'Alene and related waters of the St. Joe River. It said that the Coeur d'Alene were the traditional owners and that the Executive Branch and Congress had clearly included this area in their reservation, with compensation for ceded territory. This area was designated in 1983 by the Environmental Protection Agency as Bunker Hill Mine and Smelting Complex, the nation's second-largest Superfund site for cleanup.
Concerned at the slow pace of progress, in 1991 the tribe filed suit against mining companies for damages and cleanup costs, joined in 1996 by the United States and in 2011 by the state of Idaho. Settlements were reached with major defendants in 2008 and 2011, providing funds to be used in removal of hazardous wastes and restoration of habitat and natural resources.
Historically the Coeur d'Alene occupied a territory of 3.5 million acres in present-day northern Idaho, eastern Washington and western Montana. They lived in villages along the Coeur d'Alene, St. Joe, Clark Fork, and Spokane rivers, as well as sites on the shores of Lake Coeur d'Alene, Lake Pend Oreille, and Hayden Lake. Their native language is Snchitsu'umshtsn, an Interior Salishan language. They are one of the Salish language peoples, which tribes occupy areas of the inland plateau and the coastal areas of the Pacific Northwest.
Swandale is an unincorporated community and coal town in Clay County, West Virginia, United States.
The community most likely was named after the local Swan family.
Chechens in France is a small diaspora but one of the most important groups in the Chechen diaspora.
DrawRace is an iOS line-drawing/racing game developed by RedLynx. DrawRace 2, the sequel to the original DrawRace, was released in September 2011.
Vilhelm Ekelund (October 14, 1880 – September 3, 1949) was a Swedish poet.
This is a list of regions of South Korea by Human Development Index as of 2020 with data for the year 2019.
Frankenstadion Heilbronn is a multi-use stadium in Heilbronn, Germany.  It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Heilbronn. The stadium is able to hold 17,200 people.
Glengarra Wood is a mixed woodland in Ireland located 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) southwest of Cahir, Co. Tipperary off the M8 motorway and R639 road. Approximately 570 hectares (1,400 acres) in extent, it is situated on Old Red Sandstone on the southern slopes of the Galtee Mountains. It is mainly a coniferous forest with Sitka Spruce being the main species. Other conifer species present include Scots Pine, Japanese Larch, Douglas Fir, Norway Spruce, Western Hemlock and Western Red Cedar. The area also contains approximately 50 hectares (120 acres) of native Oak, Birch and Alder. Animals present include fallow deer, foxes, badgers, hares and red squirrels. Birds include pheasants, hawks, kestrels, ravens, herons and many song birds.
Giancarlo Tartoni (born 20 November 1948) is an Italian racing cyclist. He won stage 13 of the 1977 Giro d'Italia.
In telephony, the long-distance operator is a telephone operator available to assist with making long distance telephone calls (or toll calls in British English), answering billing questions, making collect calls and other functions, including emergency assistance.
Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), or drones, have frequently been involved in military operations. Non-military UAVs have often been reported as causing hazards to aircraft, or to people or property on the ground. Safety concerns have been raised due to the potential for an ingested drone to rapidly disable an aircraft engine, and several near-misses and verified collisions have involved hobbyist drone operators flying in violation of aviation safety regulations.
Henry Bircher "Bert" Laing is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented New Zealand and Australasia. His brother, Albert, was also a New Zealand international.
Alexander Douglas Dyas (January 21, 1886 – February 22, 1958) was a physician and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Charlotte County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1935 to 1944 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Parrsboro, Nova Scotia, the son of Alexander H. Dyas and Cecilia Hazel. He was educated at Acadia University and the University of Cincinnati. Dyas served as a captain in a field ambulance unit during World War I. In 1919, he married Gladys Henrietta Blair.
The Men's 60 kg competition at the 2021 World Judo Championships was held on 6 June 2021.
Stefan Seeger (born 11 July 1962, in Michelstadt, Hesse) is a German chemist and professor at the University of Zurich in Switzerland.
DisProt is a manually curated biological database of intrinsically disordered proteins (IDPs) and regions (IDRs). DisProt annotations cover state information on the protein but also, when available, its state transitions, interactions and functional aspects of disorder detected by specific experimental methods. DisProt is hosted and maintained in the BioComputing UP laboratory (Dept. of Biomedical Sciences, University of Padua).
The 1940 Arizona gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 1940. Incumbent Governor Robert Taylor Jones ran for reelection but was defeated in the Democratic primary by former Secretary of State Sidney Preston Osborn, whom Jones had previously defeated in 1938.
Sidney Preston Osborn defeated Jerrie W. Lee in the general election, and was sworn into his first term as Governor on January 6, 1941, becoming Arizona's seventh Governor.
Strömsholm Palace, sometimes called Strömsholm Castle (Swedish: Strömsholms slott), is a Swedish royal palace. The baroque palace is built on the site of a fortress from the 1550s, located on an island in the Kolbäcksån river at the west end of Lake Mälaren. The palace has interiors from the 18th century and an important collection of Swedish paintings.
Sonino (Russian: Сонино) is a village in Zaoksky District of Tula Oblast, Russia.
Peter Stringfellow (born 21 February 1939) is an English former professional footballer. He played for Oldham Athletic, Gillingham and Chesterfield between 1958 and 1965, making more than 100 appearances in the Football League, but his professional career came to an end after he was involved in a car crash which killed a teammate.
John Davis (born 30 June 1978) is a former New Zealand swimming representative. Alongside Trent Bray, Scott Cameron and Danyon Loader he was part of the bronze medal winning 4 by 200 metre freestyle relay team at the 1998 Commonwealth Games.
Hillsfar is a role-playing video game released for DOS, Amiga, Atari ST, Commodore 64 in 1989. It was developed by Westwood Associates and published by Strategic Simulations, Inc. (SSI). It features a combination of real-time action and randomly generated quests. It also includes standard gameplay elements of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, upon which the game is based. Hillsfar was later released for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) in 1993.
The Fau is a 10.4 km river in the Haute-Saône department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France. It rises in Étobon and flows generally west to join the Rognon in Moffans-et-Vacheresse.
St. Peter's Academy is an Anglican secondary school in Stoke-on-Trent, England. It is an academy sponsored by the Woodard Academies and the Diocese of Lichfield. It is the merger of two former schools: Berryhill High School and Sports College and St Peter's High School.
The Minister of External Affairs (or simply, the Foreign Minister, in Nepali Videsh Mantri) is the head of the Ministry of foreign Affairs of the Government of Nepal. One of the senior-most offices in the Union Cabinet, the chief responsibility of the Foreign Minister is to represent Nepal and its government in the international community. The Foreign Minister also plays an important role in determining and implementing Nepalese foreign policy.
Martin Riz (born September 16, 1980) is an Italian ski mountaineer.
Hastings Island is an island of the Louisiade Archipelago, in Milne Bay Province of Papua New Guinea.
Christ Church is a historic church located near Florence, Florence County, South Carolina.  It was constructed in 1859, and is a Carpenter Gothic-style church building. It has a cruciform plan, with board and batten construction, a steeply pitched roof with simple wooden brackets, and pointed-arched windows and doors.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Ashinoko Skyline (Japanese: 芦ノ湖スカイライン) or Lake Ashi Skyline, is a 10.75 km toll road in Kanagawa, Japan, connecting National Route 1 near Hakone Pass, with Kojiri on the northern shores of Lake Ashi.The entire length of Ashinoko Skyline opened in 1972, and goes over the scenic route of the outer volcanic ridge of Mount Hakone, with the views of Mount Fuji in the west, and Lake Ashi in the east. It is one of the first of the 50 or so scenic "Skyline" roads that followed in Japan, named after Skyline Drive in Shenandoah National Park over the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia, U.S.A..
Nazir Leghari (Urdu: نذیر لغاری, born 11 November 1955) is a Pakistani journalist, writer and a news analyst.
Phalee also called as Phadang is a village located west of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state in India. It lies in the Indo-Burma Biodiversity Hot-Spot Region of the world wherein the flora and fauna diversity are very rich.  It occupies total area of about 49 sq. km. It has Red Sandy Soils and annual rainfall of 2000-2400mm. It has subtropical pine forest climate with distinct four seasons. The average temperature is in the range of 23°C. It experienced reverse monsoon in winter and four distinct seasons. As per 2011 census, the village has a total of 794 households with 3742 persons of which 1934 are male while 1808 are female. Of the total population, 11.60% are in the age group of 0–6 years. The average sex ratio of the village is 904 female per 1000 male. The literacy rate of the village is 81.35%.Phalee is flanked by Ngaimu and Tolloi in the East, Somdal and Hoomi north, Tuinem and Lamlang in the south and Champhung and Tora in the west. The village is assumed to be more than 600 years (approximate) since the first settler settled in relation to the sixteen generation  back. The village has a total of 794 households with 3742 persons of which 1934 are male while 1808 are female.
Francis Assisi Chullikatt JCD (b 20 March 1953) is an Indian-born prelate of the Catholic Church. He has been the Apostolic Nuncio to Kazakhstan and Tajikistan since 30 April 2016. He was the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to the United Nations from 17 July 2010 until 1 July 2014. He previously served as Apostolic Nuncio to Iraq and Jordan.
Henut Taui, or Henuttaui, Henuttawy (fl. ca 1000 BCE) was an Ancient Egyptian priestess during the 21st Dynasty whose remains were mummified. She is mainly known for being one of the so-called "cocaine mummies".
Samantha Jo Findlay (born February 22, 1986) is an American softball coach and former softball player.  She is currently an assistant coach with the DePaul Blue Demons softball team.  She previously played professional softball in the National Pro Fastpitch league (NPF) for the Chicago Bandits (2008-2010) and USSSA Pride (2011).
Findlay also played college softball for the Michigan Wolverines softball team from 2005 to 2008.  She was selected as the Most Valuable Player in the 2005 Women's College World Series after hitting a three-run home run in the 10th inning of the championship game against UCLA.  She was also selected as a first-team All-American at second base in 2007 and holds University of Michigan records for home runs in a career (62), RBIs in a career (219), career slugging percentage (.677), and RBIs in a season (77).
The history of Melbourne details the city's growth from a fledgling settlement into a modern commercial and financial centre as Australia's second largest city, Melbourne, in the state of Victoria.
James Stewart Polshek (born 1930, Akron, Ohio) is an American architect living in New York City.  He is the founder of Polshek Partnership, the firm at which he was Principal Design Partner for more than four decades. He is currently Design Counsel to the legacy firm Ennead Architects, as well as being actively engaged as design lead on multiple projects.
Pauline Dy Phon (ប៉ូលីន ឌី ផុន) (1933-21 May 2010) was a Cambodian botanist who specialized in the flora of Southeast Asia.
Coming to study in France, she obtained her license in 1959 at the Faculty of Sciences in Paris. She became a teacher and researcher at the University of Phnom Penh, though in 1975 she was forced to stop work because the Khmer Rouge came to power. In 1980, she managed to flee to France and work in the Botanical Laboratory of the National Museum of Natural History. In the same institution she contributed significantly to identifying and classifying plants of Cambodia and Indochina, which remain relatively unknown. In 1980 she was awarded the Prix de Coincy by the Académie des Sciences. She published a 915-page directory of the Dictionary of plants used in Cambodia in 2000.The standard author abbreviation Dy Phon is used to indicate this person as the author when citing a botanical name.
Ferdinando de Rojas or Ferdinando de Roxas (15 April, 1650 – 30 December, 1685) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Vigevano (1683–1685).
The French Nationalist Party (French: Parti Nationaliste Français; PNF), is a far-right neo-fascist political movement established in 1983 by former National Front (FN) and Waffen-SS members around the magazine Militant. Inactive after the early 1990s, it was reactivated in 2015 following the dissolution of the néo-Pétainist movement L'Œuvre Française by the French authorities in 2013.
The 29th Filmfare Awards South ceremony honoring the winners of the best of South Indian cinema in 1981 was an event held in 1982.
Massipou is a village in the Bassar Prefecture in the Kara Region  of north-western Togo.
Marco Apicella (born 7 October 1965 near Bologna) is an Italian professional racing driver. He competed in one Formula One Grand Prix for the Jordan team in the 1993 Italian Grand Prix. He later won the 1994 Japanese Formula 3000 Championship driving for Dome.
Tikrit (Arabic: تِكْرِيت Tikrīt [ˈtɪkriːt], Syriac: ܬܲܓܪܝܼܬܼ Tagrīṯ) is a city in Iraq, located 140 kilometres (87 mi) northwest of Baghdad and 220 kilometres (140 mi) southeast of Mosul on the Tigris River. It is the administrative center of the Saladin Governorate. As of 2012, it had a population of 160,000, mainly Sunni Arabs.Tikrit was the birthplace of Muslim military leader Saladin. It also is the birthplace of Saddam Hussein, and as a power base for his regime up until the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003. After the invasion, the city has been the site of conflict, culminating in the Second Battle of Tikrit from March through April 2015, which resulted in the displacement of 28,000 civilians. The Iraqi government regained control of the city from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant on March 31, 2015 and it is now at peace.
John Garrett Bussell (16 August 1803 – 17 September 1875) was an early settler in Western Australia.
John Garrett Bussell was born at Portsea, Portsmouth, Hampshire in England on 16 August 1803. He was educated at Winchester College in England, but after the death of his father the family decided to emigrate to Western Australia. John Bussell and three of his brothers sailed for Western Australia on board the Warrior late in 1829, with the rest of the Bussell family to follow once the brothers were established.
On arriving at the Swan River Colony in March 1830, the Bussell brothers were advised that most of the good land near the Swan River had already been granted. The Governor of Western Australia, Sir James Stirling suggested they instead join with a number of other families in joining a new sub-colony at Augusta. The following month, Stirling sailed with a party of prospective settlers on board the Emily Taylor. After arriving at the mouth of the Blackwood River, the party spent four days exploring the area. Stirling then confirmed his decision to establish a subcolony, the settlers' property was disembarked, and the town of Augusta declared at the site.
For four years the brothers tried unsuccessfully to establish a farm, initially at Augusta and then further up the Blackwood River. The brothers had immense difficulty clearing the land, and found the soil not particularly good for farming. John Bussell conducted numerous exploring expeditions in search of better land. He was particularly impressed with the quality of land at Busselton (then known as the Vasse), and explored the area thoroughly. When the Bussell's home was destroyed by fire in 1834, the family re-established themselves at the Vasse, where they became successful and prosperous farmers. John Bussell would remain at the homestead Cattle Chosen, now in Bovell, until his death.
John Bussell returned to England in 1837, with the intention of marrying his sweetheart Sophie Hayward. His relationship with her soured while he was in England, and their engagement was called off. However shortly after gaining his freedom Bussell met a widow named Charlotte Cookworthy (sister-in-law of Joseph Cookworthy), to whom he became engaged three weeks later. After marrying her in August 1838, they returned to Western Australia in 1839.
It is known that John Bussell in February 1841 was directly involved in the murder of seven Aboriginal people (after a dispute over pay resulted in the death of English farmer George Layman) and he then subsequently pursued a larger group of Noongar north towards Bunbury where many more were killed around ‘Lake Mininup’. This is known as the Wonnerup Massacre.These events were described in 1897 by historian Warren Bert Kimberly as 'one of the most bloodthirsty deeds ever committed by Englishmen' (Ryan et al.,2019). 
Bussell became a Justice of the Peace in 1855, and a member of the Vasse Board of Education in 1861. During 1864 he taught at Bishop Hale's School (now Hale School) in Perth. He later undertook theological studies, but was never ordained. From 4 November 1870 to 3 July 1872, Bussell served as a nominee Member of the Western Australian Legislative Council. He died near Busselton on 17 September 1875.
In 2016, a sculpture by Greg James, John Garrett Bussell, was unveiled by the City of Busselton in the ArtGeo Cultural Complex as part of the Busselton Settlement Art Project.
The PalaPanini (officially Palazzo dello Sport "Giuseppe Panini") is an indoor sporting arena located in Modena, Italy. It was open in 1985 and has mainly served as the home venue for volleyball clubs based in and around Modena, with other sporting events (basketball, futsal, table tennis, fencing, judo, martial arts) taking place occasionally. The venue can also accommodate conventions, theatre and music concerts.The sporting complex includes the main play area (52m x 35m) for basketball, volleyball or table tennis, which can be divided into 3 pavilions. The facilities also contain dressing rooms, infirmary, gyms, special rooms (for martial arts and fencing), warehouses, sports medicine ambulatory service, offices, meeting rooms, press room, toilets, bar and ticket office. The capacity is of 4,968 spectators for sporting events.
Styracura is a genus of stingray in the family Potamotrygonidae and the only genus in the subfamily Styracurinae. The two species in this genus were formerly included in Himantura, but were moved to Styracura in 2016 based on morphology and molecular evidence. Unlike other members of the family Potamotrygonidae, also known as freshwater stingrays, Styracura are found in the tropical West Atlantic and East Pacific.
Alexander Rae Baldwin III (born April 3, 1958) is an American actor, writer, comedian, film producer, and political activist. He is the eldest of the four actor brothers in the Baldwin family. Baldwin first gained recognition appearing on the sixth and seventh seasons of the CBS primetime soap opera Knots Landing.
In his early career, Baldwin played both leading and supporting roles in a variety of films such as Tim Burton's Beetlejuice (1988), Mike Nichols' Working Girl (1988), Jonathan Demme's Married to the Mob (1988), and Oliver Stone's Talk Radio (1988). He gained attention for his performances as Jack Ryan in The Hunt for Red October (1990) and in Glengarry Glen Ross (1992). Since then he has worked with directors such as Woody Allen in Alice (1990), To Rome with Love (2012) and Blue Jasmine (2013), and Martin Scorsese in The Aviator (2004) and The Departed (2006). His performance in the drama The Cooler (2003) garnered him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. He has done voice work for The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie (2004), Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa (2008), Rise of the Guardians (2012), and The Boss Baby (2017).
From 2006 to 2013, Baldwin received critical acclaim starring alongside Tina Fey as Jack Donaghy on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock, winning two Primetime Emmy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards for his work on the series, making him the male performer with the most SAG Awards in history. On stage, he portrayed Stanley Kowalski in the 1992 Broadway production of A Streetcar Named Desire and the title character in a 1998 Off-Broadway production of Macbeth, the former earning him a Tony Award nomination. Baldwin co-starred in Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation (2015) and Mission: Impossible – Fallout (2018), the fifth and sixth installments of the Mission: Impossible series. He is also a columnist for The Huffington Post. Since 2016, he has been the host of Match Game.
Baldwin has received critical acclaim for his portrayal of Donald Trump on the long-running sketch series Saturday Night Live, both during the latter part of the 2016 presidential election campaign and following the inauguration, a role that won him his third Primetime Emmy in 2017. He was nominated again in 2018 and 2021.
Hogan's Romance Upset is a 1915 American short comedy film directed by Charles Avery and featuring both Fatty Arbuckle and Harold Lloyd in uncredited roles as a spectators.
Below are the rosters for the 1995 King Fahd Cup tournament in Saudi Arabia.
Satyavati   (Sanskrit: सत्यवती, IAST: Satyavatī; also spelled Satyawati) was the queen of the Kuru king, Shantanu of Hastinapur and the great-grandmother of the Pandava and Kaurava princes (principal characters of the Hindu epic Mahabharata). She is also the mother of the seer Vyasa, author of the epic. Her story appears in the Mahabharata, the Harivamsa and the Devi Bhagavata Purana.
Satyavati is the adopted daughter of a fisherman chieftain, Dashraj and was brought up as a commoner on the banks of the river Yamuna. She is the biological daughter of the Chedi king Uparichara Vasu (Vasu) and a cursed apsara (celestial nymph) who was turned into a fish called Adrika. Due to the smell emanating from her body, she was known as Matsyagandhā ("She who smells like fish"), and helped her father, Dashraj, in his job as a ferryman and a fisherwoman.
As a young woman, Satyavati met the wandering rishi (sage) Parashara, who fathered her son Vyasa out of wedlock. The sage also gave her a musky fragrance, which earned her names like Yojanagandha ("She whose fragrance is spread as far as a yojana") and Gandhavati ("fragrant one"). 
Later King Shantanu, captivated by her fragrance and beauty, fell in love with Satyavati. She married Santanu on her father's condition that their children inherit the throne, denying the birthright of Shantanu's eldest son (and crown prince) Bhishma. Satyavati bore Shantanu two children, Chitrangada and Vichitravirya. After Shantanu's death, she and her sons ruled the kingdom with the help of Bhishma. Although both her sons died childless, she arranged for her eldest son, Vyasa, to father the children of the two widows of Vichitravirya through niyoga. The children, Dhritarashtra and Pandu, became the fathers of the Kauravas and Pandavas, respectively. After Pandu's death, Satyavati went to the forest for penance and died there. 
While Satyavati's presence of mind, far-sightedness and mastery of realpolitik is praised, her unscrupulous means of achieving her goals and her blind ambition are criticized.
The Samuel and Minette Kuhn House is a historic house in Wellfleet, Massachusetts. It is one of a modest number of surviving houses in Wellfleet that combine elements of Modern architecture with traditional Cape Cod architecture. The single-story wood-frame house was built in 1960 to a design by Nathaniel Saltonstall, founder of Boston's Institute of Contemporary Art. The Kuhns were exposed to Saltonstall's work when they stayed at The Colony, another property he designed that is located nearby on Griffins Island. The house incorporates Bauhaus design principles of simplicity and economy, and is based around the idea of square modules, which are repeated on small, medium and large scales, affecting the room shapes and sizes, windows, and interior furnishings and decorations. The house, which is within the bounds of the Cape Cod National Seashore, was sold by the Kuhns to the National Park Service in 1973, but they retained right of occupancy for 25 years. The Park Service began using the property for employee housing in 2003.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
He took his sivilingeniør education at the Norwegian Institute of Technology. He was appointed director of the Norwegian Coastal Administration in 1995. Formerly he had held many administrative positions, including deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of the Environment, sub-director in the Norwegian Coastal Administration, chief administrative officer of Aust-Agder county and CEO of Aust-Agder Trafikkselskap.In 2000 he resigned, one year before his term ended. Instead, he took a position as an advisor. Leif Jansen was acting director until the appointment of Øyvind Stene.
Cherabanda Raju (1944 - 2 July 1982) was a revolutionary poet, novelist, and songwriter, who wrote in the Telugu language. He was one of the six poets who were known for their Digambara (naked) Poetry that flourished during the mid-1960s in Andhra Pradesh.
In the branch of mathematical logic known as type theory, System F<:, pronounced "F-sub", is an extension of system F with subtyping. System F<: has been of central importance to programming language theory since the 1980s because the core of functional programming languages, like those in the ML family, support both parametric polymorphism and record subtyping, which can be expressed in System F<:.
The Tokugawa Garden (徳川園 Tokugawa-en) is a Japanese garden in the city of Nagoya, central Japan. It is located next to the Tokugawa Art Museum.
Phyllis Christine Cast (born April 30, 1960) is an American romance/fantasy author, known for the   House of Night series she writes and her daughter Kristin Cast edits, as well as her own Goddess Summoning and Partholon book series.
Jake Cyril Livermore (born 14 November 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for EFL Championship club West Bromwich Albion and the England national team.
Livermore began his career at Tottenham Hotspur, spending most of his tenure out on loan at clubs in all three divisions of the English Football League. In 2013, he moved to Hull City, initially on a temporary basis, becoming permanent at the end of the season. After amassing 144 appearances for the Tigers in all competitions, he joined West Bromwich Albion in January 2017.
Livermore earned his first cap for the England national team in August 2012 in a friendly win against Italy.
The Alexander Boyter House at 590 N. 200 West, Beaver, Utah was built in 1882 by Alexander Boyter and was his home.  It was expanded twice.  According to a 1979 historic site evaluation of the house, the stonework in its original construction is "fabulous".The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Gebmund was a medieval Bishop of Rochester. He was consecrated about 678. He died between 699 and 716.
William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet (often shortened to Romeo + Juliet) is a 1996 romantic crime tragedy film directed, co-produced, and co-written by Baz Luhrmann. It is a modernized adaptation of William Shakespeare's tragedy Romeo and Juliet. The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in the title roles of two teenagers who fall in love, despite their being members of feuding families. Brian Dennehy, John Leguizamo, Harold Perrineau, Pete Postlethwaite, Paul Sorvino and Diane Venora also star in supporting roles. It is the third major film version of the play, following a 1936 film and a 1968 film.
The film was released on November 1, 1996, by 20th Century Fox to commercial success, and was met with generally positive reviews. The film grossed over $51.8 million over a $14.5 million budget. At the 47th Berlin International Film Festival in 1997, DiCaprio won the Silver Bear for Best Actor and Luhrmann won the Alfred Bauer Prize. Luhrmann was also nominated for the Golden Bear Award for Best Picture. At the 69th Academy Awards, Catherine Martin and Brigitte Broch were nominated for Best Art Direction/Set Decoration. In 2005, the film was included on the BFI list of the "50 films you should watch by the age of 14".The film was also re-released in Luhrmann's Red Curtain Trilogy DVD box set in 2002 together with Strictly Ballroom (1992) and Moulin Rouge! (2001).
Illinois was admitted to the Union on December 3, 1818, and has been represented in the United States Senate by 47 senators. Senators from Illinois are elected to Class 2 and Class 3.
The Senate twice refused to seat Frank L. Smith, in December 1926 for an appointed term and in March 1927 for an elected one, due to corruption, but he is included in this list because Smith and the Governor considered him to be a senator for approximately two years.
Of the eight African Americans ever to sit in the U.S. Senate since Reconstruction, three have held Illinois's Class 3 seat, including Barack Obama who went on to become the president of the United States. This makes Illinois the state with the most African-American senators. Illinois's current U.S. senators are Democrats Dick Durbin (serving since 1997) and Tammy Duckworth (serving since 2017).
William Bridge Cooke (July 16, 1908 – December 30, 1991) was an American mycologist. He specialized in fungal ecology and taxonomy, with on emphasis on the Polyporaceae. He was the author of at least 192 publications and five books. Cooke also published many fungal taxa: 3 subfamilies, 10 genera, 1 section, 144 new species, 4 subspecies and varieties, and 141 new combinations. Cooke received a Bachelor's degree in botany from the University of Cincinnati in 1932, and a Master of Science in 1939 at Oregon State University. After serving in the army during World War II, Cooke obtained a Ph.D. in 1950 from the Washington State University under the supervision of Rexford F. Daubenmire. Cooke died in Cincinnati, Ohio, at the age of 83.Several taxa have been named in Cooke's honor: the fungi Bricookea M.E.Barr, Bridgeoporus T.J.Volk, Burds. & Ammirati, Bahusakala cookei M.B.Ellis, Choiromyces cookei Gilkey, Clathrospora cookei, Microsporium cookei L.Ajello, Phaeosphaeria cookei Shoemaker & Babcock, and Glyceria cookei Swallen (Graminae), and Phacelia cookei Heckard & Constance (Hydrophyllaceae).
Seidlitz powders is the generic name under which a commonly known laxative and digestion regulator was marketed and sold by numerous manufacturers under names such as "Rexall Seidlitz Powders", particularly in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.The three ingredients of Seidlitz powders (tartaric acid, potassium sodium tartrate and sodium bicarbonate) were manufactured by chemical factories from the mid-19th century onwards. The name 'Seidlitz powders' ultimately derives from the village of Sedlec in the Czech Republic. See also § Etymology below.
The municipality of Sedlec (somewhat confusingly) is also the source of 'Sedlitz bitter water'  (see also § Sedlitz water below), a naturally occurring spa mineral water which has an entirely different chemical composition and side-effects from Seidlitz powders: there is apparently no connection between the two products except the name.
Goran Švob (pronounced [ɡoran ʃʋob]; 29 May 1947 – 18 April 2013) was a Croatian philosopher, logician, and author. He was an associate professor at the Department of Philosophy of Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, University of Zagreb where he taught logic and the philosophy of language, being employed there since 1975.
Švob has written two books and published numerous scientific papers in the academic field of logic. He was greatly influenced by the analytic philosophy and particularly by the philosophers Gottlob Frege, Bertrand Russell, and Ludwig Wittgenstein.
"That's When I'll Stop Loving You" is a song by NSYNC from their 2000 album No Strings Attached, written by Diane Warren and produced by Guy Roche.
Cora aurea is a species of damselfly in the family Polythoridae known commonly as the black-banded bannerwing. It is endemic to Colombia, where it has been noted at only three locations.
Theodoor van Heil (Brussels, 1635 – after 1691), was a Flemish landscape painter known for his winter landscapes, city views and scenes of burning cities.
Mikkel Frandsen (1892–1981) was a Danish American physical chemist noted for experiments involving chemical thermodynamics, oil, and heavy water.  Also known as deuterium oxide (D2O), heavy water is used to produce nuclear power and is used in other nuclear applications such as nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Amalgamated zinc is zinc that has been surface treated with mercury to form a surface amalgam containing little contamination from other elements. It is typically used for reduction, and is written as Zn(Hg) in reactions.
Mannoheptulose is a heptose, a monosaccharide with seven carbon atoms, and a ketose, with the characteristic carbonyl group of the carbohydrate present on a secondary carbon (functioning as a ketone group). The sugar alcohol form of mannoheptulose is known as perseitol.
Hugh de Beauchamp (sometimes Hugh of Beauchamp; died after 1101) was a Norman who held lands in England after the Norman Conquest.
Hugh may have been from Beauchamps in Normandy or perhaps from Calvados. No connection has been established between Hugh and Walter de Beauchamp, founder of the Beauchamp family which later acquired the Earldom of Warwick.Hugh was a tenant-in-chief with lands in Bedfordshire. His landholdings in Bedfordshire have been considered to have made him the first feudal baron of Bedford. At the time of the Domesday Book he held 43 manors in Bedfordshire and additional landholdings in Buckinghamshire and Hertfordshire. The core of Hugh's lands were those held before the Conquest by Eskil of Ware and men sworn to Eskil, with additional lands coming from thegns and sokemen in the county.Hugh witnessed a charter of King William the Conqueror, which can only be dated to sometime between 1070 and 1089, where he is named as "sheriff", but it is unclear whether he was sheriff of Buckinghamshire or of Bedfordshire. Judith A. Green argues that it is more likely that he was sheriff of Buckinghamshire. Frank Barlow also assigns that office to Hugh in the early part of the reign of King William II. Katharine Keats-Rohan, however, claims that he was sheriff of Bedfordshire. Hugh also appears in the reign of William II as the sheriff of Buckinghamshire on a charter dating to between 1087 and 1095 as well as a charter from 1087.Hugh lived into the reign of King Henry I, as Henry's queen, Matilda, gave a manor to Hugh. This grant can only be dated to sometime between 1100 and 1118. Hugh in March 1101 was also a surety for Henry in a treaty between the new king and Robert II, Count of Flanders.Hugh married Matilda. She was probably the daughter and heiress of Ralf Tallebosc (or Ralph Taillebois), who was sheriff of Buckinghamshire prior to Hugh. Hugh probably had two sons – Simon and Robert. Simon was probably the elder son. Matilda is named as Simon's mother in a document dating to around 1124 to 1130.
Maynard is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts,  United States. The town is located 22 miles west of Boston, in the MetroWest and Greater Boston region of Massachusetts and borders Acton, Concord, Stow and Sudbury. The town's population was 10,746 as of the 2020 United States Census.Maynard is located on the Assabet River, a tributary of the Concord River. A large part of the Assabet River National Wildlife Refuge is located within the town, and the Assabet River Rail Trail connects the Refuge and downtown Maynard to the South Acton commuter rail station. Historic downtown Maynard is home to many shops, restaurants, galleries, a movie theater, and the former Assabet Woolen Mill, which produced wool fabrics from 1846 to 1950, including cloth for Union Army uniforms during the Civil War. Maynard was the headquarters for Digital Equipment Corporation from 1957 to 1998. Owners of the former mill complex currently lease space to office and light-industry businesses.
Group A of the 1996 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I was one of two pools in the Americas Zone Group I of the 1996 Fed Cup. Four teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top two teams advancing to the knockout stage.
Lānaihale is a mountain peak in Hawaiʻi. It is the highest point of the island of Lanai.
Saunakallio railway station (Finnish: Saunakallion rautatieasema, Swedish: Saunakallio järnvägsstation) is a Helsinki commuter rail station in the town of Järvenpää, Finland, 39 km (24.5 mi) north from the Helsinki Central railway station.
The station was the terminus for the G commuter line that ran from Helsinki to Saunakallio. The service was started on 4 June 2007. It was discontinued in 2011 in order to improve management of traffic and timetable keeping on the Main Line especially during winter conditions.
Pedro Reinel (fl. 1485 – 1540) was a Portuguese cartographer. Between 1485 and 1519 Reinel served three Portuguese kings: João II, Manuel I and João III. He and his son, Jorge Reinel, were among the most renowned cartographers of their era, a period when European knowledge of geography and cartography were expanding rapidly. There is some evidence he was of African descent. Historian Rafael Moreira believes Reinel's father was an ivory carver brought from West Africa to serve in the royal workshops.Reinel was the author of one of the oldest signed Portolan charts, tentatively dated about 1485. This nautical chart depicts the western Mediterranean and the African coasts extending as far as the Congo River. It includes the recently completed first voyage of exploration made by Diogo Cão in 1482–1484. The African coast is drawn in two distinct sections: first is a conventional tracing of the Atlantic coast as far as Cabo Corço where the map runs out of space. The remainder of the coast down to the Congo is drawn in the interior of the African continent, an unusual approach that has caused much debate among historians.His Atlantic Chart (c. 1504) is one of the first to include a scale of latitudes and also contains an early depiction of North America based on the explorations of Gaspar Corte-Real. Reinel demonstrated an understanding of magnetic variation with the use of two different meridians; one closely approximated true north while a second one, placed near Labrador was tilted by 22 degrees to account for the significant variation that early explorers had found when using their compasses. The map also was the first to depict a wind rose with a clearly drawn fleur-de-lys.With his son Jorge Reinel, and cartographer Lopo Homem, he participated in the construction of the well-known Miller Atlas (1519). The exceptional artwork in the atlas was the work of Dutch miniaturist Antonio de Holanda.In addition to some of his better known maps, Reinel also authored a chart of the Mediterranean, c. 1500; two charts of the Indian Ocean, ca. 1517 and 1518; a chart of the southern hemisphere c. 1522; and an Atlantic chart, ca. 1535.Although Reinel and his son worked almost exclusively in Lisbon, they traveled briefly to Seville in 1519 to collaborate on a globe and charts in preparation for the upcoming Magellan expedition sponsored by Spain. In 1524, Reidel participated on the Badajoz-Elvas Junta, a conference organized to discuss whether the Molucca Islands were on the Spanish or Portuguese side of the line of demarcation established by the Treaty of Tordesillas. In 1528, King João III authorized an annual pension of 15,000 reis to Reinel. A contemporary reference indicates Reinel was still making charts in 1540.He has a Portuguese postage stamp in his honour.
Palau ( (listen)), officially the Republic of Palau (Palauan: Beluu er a Belau) and historically Belau, Palaos or Pelew, is an island country in the western Pacific. The nation has approximately 340 islands and connects the western chain of the Caroline Islands with parts of the Federated States of Micronesia. It has a total area of 466 square kilometers (180 square miles). The most populous island is Koror, home to the country's most populous city of the same name. The capital Ngerulmud is located on the nearby island of Babeldaob, in Melekeok State. Palau shares maritime boundaries with international waters to the north, Micronesia to the east, Indonesia to the south, and the Philippines to the north west.
The country was originally settled approximately 3,000 years ago by migrants from Maritime Southeast Asia. Palau was discovered by Europeans on 28 December 1696 when the first map of Palau was drawn by the Czech missionary Paul Klein based on a description given by a group of Palauans shipwrecked on the Philippine coast on Samar.  Palau islands were made part of the Spanish East Indies in 1885. Following Spain's defeat in the Spanish–American War in 1898, the islands were sold to Germany in 1899 under the terms of the German–Spanish Treaty, where they were administered as part of German New Guinea. After World War I, the islands were made a part of the Japanese-ruled South Seas Mandate by the League of Nations. During World War II, skirmishes, including the major Battle of Peleliu, were fought between American and Japanese troops as part of the Mariana and Palau Islands campaign. Along with other Pacific Islands, Palau was made a part of the United States-governed Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands in 1947. Having voted in a referendum against joining the Federated States of Micronesia in 1978, the islands gained full sovereignty in 1994 under a Compact of Free Association with the United States.
Politically, Palau is a presidential republic in free association with the United States, which provides defense, funding, and access to social services. Legislative power is concentrated in the bicameral Palau National Congress. Palau's economy is based mainly on tourism, subsistence agriculture and fishing, with a significant portion of gross national product (GNP) derived from foreign aid. The country uses the United States dollar as its currency. The islands' culture mixes Micronesian, Melanesian, Asian, and Western elements. Ethnic Palauans, the majority of the population, are of mixed Micronesian, Melanesian, and Austronesian descent. A smaller proportion of the population is of Japanese descent. The country's two official languages are Palauan (a member of the Austronesian language family) and English, with Japanese, Sonsorolese, and Tobian recognized as regional languages.
Melquisedec "Melky" Mesa (born January 31, 1987) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder who is a free agent. He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Yankees.
"You're Not Alone" (released 13 March 2000) is a song by English rock band Embrace, the most successful from their second studio album Drawn from Memory.  It is considered to have a Motown influence.
"Brothers and Sisters" ranks as one of their most popular b-sides and is one of the few that both brothers have vocals on. "Happy and Lost" gave name to their main fansite.
The song "Brothers and Sisters" is featured on the b-sides compilation Dry Kids: B-Sides 1997-2005.
A second-degree relative (SDR) is someone who shares 25% of a person's genes. It includes uncles, aunts, nephews, nieces, grandparents, grandchildren,  half-siblings, and double cousins.
Altınordu Selçuk-Efes Football Complex (Turkish: Altınordu Selçuk Efes Futbol Tesisleri), shortly ASEFT, is a sport complex of football stadiums operated by the football club Altınordu S.K., and is located in Selçuk town of Izmir Province in western Turkey.The sport complex is situated on the state road  D.515 WSW of Ephesus and Selçuk, at a distance of 45 km (28 mi) to the city center of Izmir and 72 km (45 mi) to the Adnan Menderes Airport. With is total area of 100,000 m2 (25 acres), the complex is the largest sports venue in Izmir Province.Leased in 2012 by the Izmir-based Altınordu S.K., it consists of five football fields, and is home to the youth football teams Altınordu S.K. Following the lease, two pitches were completely renovated. All pitches are of natural grass ground but one is covered with organic granular material and special artificial grass.
La Tour Eiffel is a drop tower of the Hopi Hari amusement park in Vinhedo, São Paulo. It opened along with the park on November 30, 1999. The tower lets participants enter into free fall from a height of 69.5 meters, or 228 feet (the equivalent of a 23-story building) at a speed of approximately 94 km/h (58.41 mph).
Unite4Heritage is a campaign launched on March 28, 2015 by UNESCO Director-General, Irina Bokova, aiming to create a global movement "to protect and safeguard heritage in areas where it is threatened by extremists".The campaign was triggered by the programmatic destruction of cultural heritage conducted in Iraq and Syria by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) since 2014, in particular after the circulation of videos of looting at Mosul Museum, destruction in the city of Nimrud and the UNESCO World Heritage site of Hatra. Irina Bokova called the destructions in Mosul a violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution 2199, and the destruction of Nimrud a war crime.Among the different initiatives to support Unite4Heritage, the campaign #faces4heritage can be mentioned, which invites people to change their profile on social networks to raise awareness about heritage destruction. Faces4heritage is presented on the homepage of Unite4Heritage and has become its most active supporting campaign on Twitter. #faces4heritage is run by the UNESCO chair in ICT to develop and promote sustainable tourism in World Heritage Sites, at USI - Università della Svizzera italiana (Lugano, Switzerland).
Lufico is a commune of Angola, located in the province of Zaire.
Hashan Perera (born 2 November 1991) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Lankan Cricket Club in Tier B of the 2016–17 Premier League Tournament on 21 December 2016.
Iusnaturalism is a theory of law, which holds that legal norms follow a human universal knowledge on justice and harmony of relations. Thus, it views enacted laws that contradict such universal knowledge as unjust and illegitimate. Modern theorists considered as iusnaturalists include Hugo Grotius, Immanuel Kant, Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz, and Franz von Zeiller, among others.This school of thought became popular during the Middle Ages and the Renaissance amid the attempt to identify "the relation, if any, of the ius gentium to natural law in the Aristotelian-Thomistic sense." This issue had covered the role of God and the adequacy of reason without divine grace, among others particularly in the field of legal theory as it established the notion that natural law could exist without religion.
Raúl Bercovich Rodriguez (1 January 1922 – 6 May 1993) was Federal Interventor of Córdoba, Argentina from September 20, 1975 to March 24, 1976. He was a member of the Peronist right-wing unionist tendency, rival to Ricardo Obregón Cano.
Trithemis imitata is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent rivers.
Wysoka [vɨˈsɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
Peter Brian Edwards CD, CStJ, FRHSC (March 19, 1931 – July 25, 2019) was a vexillologist and scholar of flags. He established the Canadian Flag Institute on October 31, 1978.
The de Havilland DH.61 Giant Moth was a 1920s British large single-engined biplane transport built by de Havilland at Stag Lane Aerodrome, Edgware. Intended primarily for use in Australia, a number were also shipped to Canada.
Yuri Vladimirovich Budylin (Russian: Юрий Владимирович Будылин; born 8 January 1982) is a former Russian professional football player.
James Adolphus Pugh (July 3, 1833 – January 22, 1887) was an American photographer, based in Macon, Georgia, at the time of the Civil War. Pugh trained with and eventually took over the studio of R. L. Wood. His studio specialized in providing photographs of soldiers going to war. His studio was called Pugh's Photograph and Fine Art Gallery and printed ambrotype, tintype and daguerreotype photographs.Pugh sailed to Europe in 1867 in order to attend the International Exposition and wrote a book about his European travels. In it, he spoke of how he "[held] it to be a duty every man owes to his family, to have both his and their likenesses taken at least once a year." His studio featured sinks with running water to make sure his prints had as much of the salts washed off of them as possible.: 58  In addition, he featured scenery backdrops painted by artists in New York City and an art gallery of photographs and paintings in his studio. Later in his career Pugh took up painting himself, creating life sized portraits of people from ambrotypes he'd taken of them.In 1873, he won Best Photograph, Best Photograph in Oil, Best Photograph in Pastel, and Best Collection of Photographs at the Georgia State Fair.
The UCL Department of Science and Technology Studies (STS) is an academic department in University College London, London, England. It is part of UCL's Faculty of Mathematics and Physical Sciences. The department offers academic training at both undergraduate and graduate (MSc and MPhil/PhD) levels.
The department received its current name in 1995. It had been the "Department of History and Philosophy of Science" from 1938 to 1995, and the "Department of History and Method of Science" from 1921 to 1938.University College London was the first UK university to offer single honours undergraduate degrees in this interdisciplinary subject, launching its BSc in history and philosophy of science in 1993. Two related BSc degrees followed shortly thereafter. At UCL, science and technology studies (abbreviated "STS") includes three specialist research clusters: "history of science," "philosophy of science," and "science, culture, and democracy".The department offices are located in Gordon Square, Bloomsbury, London.
Bakugan Battle Brawlers (爆丸 バトルブローラーズ, Bakugan Batoru Burōrāzu) is a Japanese-Canadian anime adventure television series produced by TMS Entertainment, Dentsu Inc., and Nelvana Limited under the direction of Mitsuo Hashimoto. The story centers on the lives of creatures called Bakugan and the "battle brawlers" who possess them. The Bakugan franchise itself is a joint venture between Sega Toys and Spin Master.Although originally broadcast by TV Tokyo in Japan, follow-up seasons (New Vestroia and Gundalian Invaders) premiered in Canada and the US before Japan. The fourth and final season, Mechtanium Surge, was never broadcast in Japan and instead aired in North American markets. However, a Japan-exclusive manga series, Baku Tech! Bakugan, ran from August 15, 2010 to January 15, 2014. This received an anime adaption aired on TV Tokyo from April 7, 2012 to March 30, 2013, followed by a second season called Baku Tech! Bakugan Gachi which ran from April 6, 2013 to December 28, 2013.In 2015, Spin Master revealed plans to relaunch Bakugan. The relaunch was later announced on November 30, 2017 to occur in the first quarter of 2019, with the series title announced as Bakugan: Battle Planet. The new series premiered on Cartoon Network in the United States on December 23, 2018, while Canada's Teletoon premiered the series on December 31, 2018.
Sri Hargobindpur Assembly Constituency (Sl. No.: 8) is a Punjab Legislative Assembly constituency in Gurdaspur district, Punjab state, India.
Henry III of Brabant (c. 1230 – February 28, 1261, Leuven) was Duke of Brabant between 1248 and his death. He was the son of Henry II of Brabant and Marie of Hohenstaufen.The disputed territory of Lothier, the former Duchy of Lower Lorraine, was assigned to him by the German King Alfonso X of Castile. Alfonso also appointed him Imperial Vicar to advance his claims on the Holy Roman Empire.
In 1251, he married Adelaide of Burgundy (c. 1233 – October 23, 1273), daughter of Hugh IV, Duke of Burgundy and Yolande de Dreux, by whom he had four children:
Henry IV, Duke of Brabant (c. 1251 – aft. 1272) Mentally handicapped, and made to abdicate in favor of his brother John on 24 May 1267.
John I, Duke of Brabant (1253–1294) Married first to Marguerite of France, daughter of King Louis IX of France (Saint Louis) and his wife Margaret of Provence, and later to Margaret of Flanders, daughter of Guy, Count of Flanders and his first wife Mathilda of Béthune.
Godfrey of Brabant, Lord of Aarschot (d. July 11, 1302, Kortrijk), killed at the Battle of the Golden Spurs, married 1277 Jeanne Isabeau de Vierzon (d. aft. 1296)
Maria of Brabant (1256, Leuven – January 12, 1321, Murel), married at Vincennes on August 27, 1274 to King Philip III of France.
North Ambersham was a tithing in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England.  Until 1844 North Ambersham was a detached part of Hampshire and was a tithing of the parish of Steep. Under the  British Parliamentary Acts 2 & 3 Wm. IV. cap. 64 and 7 & 8 Vict. cap. 61, it was annexed to Sussex. For ecclesiastical purposes this tithing was attached to Fernhurst.
Jesús de Huenuraquí was a Spanish fort on heights to the north of the north bank of the Biobío River, next to the site of the modern rail station of Huenuraquí, in the commune of San Rosendo.  It is eight kilometers west of San Rosendo and ten kilometers south of the town of Rere, Chile.Fort de Jesús was erected in 1593 by Governor Martín García Óñez de Loyola jointly with the fort of Chivicura across the Biobío on the south bank. They were erected to secure the communications of the city of Santa Cruz de Coya in Catirai. Both forts and the city were destroyed by the Moluche in 1599.  Fort de Jesús was rebuilt by Alonso de Ribera in 1602 as Fuerte de Huenuraquí as part of the fort system of La Frontera.  The Mapudungun name comes from huenu, "above", and from raqui, the Moluche sound for the voice of the bird that in Chile is called the bandurria, the black-faced ibis.
The Volkswagen Group MSB platform (Modularer Standardantriebsbaukasten, modular standard drivetrain matrix) is the company's strategy for shared modular design construction of its longitudinal, front-engine, rear-wheel-drive layout (optional front-engine, four-wheel-drive layout) automobiles. It was developed by Porsche for vehicles with longitudinally mounted engines and gearboxes and four-wheel or rear-wheel drive. It has been in use since 2016 and was introduced with the second generation Porsche Panamera.
DeWalt (stylized as DᴇWALT) Industrial Tool Company is an American worldwide manufacturer of power tools and hand tools for the construction, manufacturing and woodworking industries, as well as home craftspeople. DeWalt is a registered trademark of Black & Decker (U.S.) Inc., a subsidiary of Stanley Black & Decker.
Alexander Berner (born 1901, date of death unknown) was a Swiss skeleton racer who competed in the late 1920s. He finished fifth in the men's skeleton event at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.
Vern Drake (born 16 April 1946) is  a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in the number 41 jumper.Drake spent 1967 playing under Fred Wooller in Tasmania with the Penguin Football Club.Drake was captain-coach of Arian Park / Mirrool Football Club in the South Western District Football League in 1968, then moved onto coach Shepparton United Football Club in 1969. He then coached Benalla Football Club from 1970 to 1972.
Drake then coached Cooee Football Club to the 1973 North Western Football Union premiership.
Drake was later captain coach of North Albury Football Club, eventually kicking 617 goals in the Ovens & Murray Football League, which included his goals kicked at Benalla.Drake later settled in Albury and established the Vern Drake Real Estate business.
Megapsyrassa atkinsoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chemsak and Giesbert in 1986.
The A250 road is a minor British A-road on the Isle of Sheppey in Kent. The route runs from Sheerness to Queenborough via Halfway.
That's My Story is a studio album by American blues musician John Lee Hooker, released in April or May 1960 on Riverside Records. The album was recorded in one session on February 9, 1960 at Reeves Sound Studio in New York City. It was produced by Orrin Keepnews and features the rhythm section from saxophonist Cannonball Adderley's group, which included bassist Sam Jones and drummer Louis Hayes.
Nimki is a 2019 Indian Odia language political propaganda film directed by Susant Mani. Varsha Priyadarshini plays lead role in this movie.
In photography, the golden hour is the period of daytime shortly after sunrise or before sunset, during which daylight is redder and softer than when the sun is higher in the sky. 
The golden hour is also sometimes called the "magic hour," especially by cinematographers. During these times, the brightness of the sky matches the brightness of streetlights, signs, car headlights and lit windows.
The period of time shortly before the magic hour at sunrise, or after it at sunset, is called the "blue hour". This is when the sun is at a significant depth below the horizon, when residual, indirect sunlight takes on a predominantly blue shade, and there are no sharp shadows because the sun either has not risen, or has set.
Tropical Cyclone Heat Potential (TCHP) is one of such non-conventional oceanographic parameters influencing the tropical cyclone intensity. The relationship between Sea Surface Temperature (SST) and CI has been long studied in statistical intensity prediction schemes such as the National Hurricane Center Statistical Hurricane Intensity Prediction Scheme (SHIPS)  and Statistical Typhoon Intensity Prediction Scheme (STIPS). STIPS is run at the Naval Research Laboratory in Monterey, California, and is provided to Joint Typhoon Warning Centre (JTWC) to make cyclone intensity (CI) forecasts in the western North Pacific, South Pacific, and Indian Oceans. In most of the cyclone models, SST is the only oceanographic parameter representing heat exchange. However, cyclones have long been known to interact with the deeper layers of ocean rather than sea surface alone. Using a coupled ocean atmospheric model, Mao et al., concluded that the rate of intensification and final intensity of cyclone were sensitive to the initial spatial distribution of the mixed layer rather than to SST alone. Similarly, Namias and Canyan observed patterns of lower atmospheric anomalies being more consistent with the upper ocean thermal structure variability than SST.
Thomas J. Price (born c.1981) is a British sculptor of the YBA school. Reaching out (2020), Price’s first individual full figure representation of a woman, is currently on show between Bow and West Ham, as part of the art project The Line in the East End of London. Price has also been selected to create an artwork to be unveiled in 2021 commemorating the Windrush generation for Hackney Town Hall.Price who is 39, studied at Chelsea College of Art and the Royal College of Art.  There have been major exhibitions of his work at the National Portrait Gallery and the Yorkshire Sculpture Park, and The Power Plant Contemporary Art Gallery, Toronto.
Prvoslav Mihajlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Првослав Михајловић; 13 April 1921 – 28 June 1978) was a Serbian-Yugoslav footballer and head coach.
Georgi Slavchev (Bulgarian: Георги Славчев; born 1 October 1969 in Kyustendil) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Giordano Corsi (Italian pronunciation: [dʒorˈdaːno ˈkorsi]; 9 January 1908 – 29 July 1958) was an Italian former professional footballer and manager who played as a defensive midfielder.He won four scudetto with Bologna. Corna also played six times with the Italy national football team, where he was part of the squad that won the 1933–35 Central European International Cup.He was manager of Vis Pesaro (1941–1943, 1946–50, 1957–1958).
Yellow Vest Australia (YVA), until 9 April 2019 known as the Australian Liberty Alliance (ALA), was a minor right-wing to far-right political party in Australia. The party was founded by members of the Q Society and has been described as the political wing of Q Society. The leader was Debbie Robinson (President), who was also national president of the Q Society. On 4 September 2020, the Australian Electoral Commission removed the Yellow Vest Australia from the registered political party list.The party's core policy was opposition to Islam. with policies focusing on Muslim immigration such as enforcing "integration over separation", replacing multiculturalism with an integrated multi-ethnic society and stop public funding for "associations formed around foreign nationalities". They vowed to "stop the Islamisation of Australia". Party president Debbie Robinson has made a number of Islam-critical statements including that Islam is "a totalitarian ideology that does not separate its law from its religious entity...Slowly but surely our Judeo-Christian values, ethics and customs are being replaced" and warned that "If we continue to tolerate Islam without understanding it, Australia as a free, secular democracy will be lost".Other policies included promoting smaller government, privatising public broadcaster SBS and scaling down the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, opposing taxpayer-funded subsidies for renewable energy, promoting advanced nuclear energy,  ending dual citizenship for new citizenship applicants, simplifying the tax system with less income tax and a stronger focus on GST, improving public healthcare by more efficient cooperation with the private healthcare sector, advancing the 'natural family', and restoring civil society.
Laura Cowie (7 April 1892 – 11 February 1969) was a Scottish silent film actress.
Tom "Kong" Watson (born 13 July 1982) is an English mixed martial artist currently competing in the welterweight division of Cage Warriors. A professional competitor since 2006, he is the former BAMMA Middleweight Champion, the former UCMMA Middleweight Champion, and has also competed for the UFC, Cage Rage and the MFC.
Jalen Mayfield (born May 23, 2000) is an American football offensive tackle for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Michigan, and was drafted by the Falcons in the third round of the 2021 NFL Draft.
Ondřej Herzán (born 3 March 1981 in Pardubice) is a Czech football midfielder. He currently plays for SK Dynamo České Budějovice.
Faber Music is a British sheet music publisher best known for contemporary classical music. It also publishes music tutor books, and in 2005 acquired popular music publisher International Music Publications.
Faber Music has close relations to the book publisher Faber and Faber. Faber's subsidiary Rights Worldwide Ltd offers copyright administration services to composers and Tv and film production companies.
The Coast Starlight is a passenger train operated by Amtrak on the West Coast of the United States between Seattle and Los Angeles via Portland and the San Francisco Bay Area. The train, which has operated continuously since Amtrak's formation in 1971, was the first to offer direct service between Seattle and Los Angeles. Its name is a combination of two prior Southern Pacific (SP) trains, the Coast Daylight and the Starlight.
During fiscal year 2019, the Coast Starlight carried 426,029 passengers, an increase of 2.0% from FY2018. In FY2016, the train had a total revenue of $40,534,262, a decrease of 1.4% from FY2015.
The 2005 CECAFA Cup was the 29th edition of the tournament. It was held in Rwanda, and was won by Ethiopia. The matches were played between November 26 to December 10. All matches were played in Stade Amahoro in Kigali.
Capitol Hill station is a light rail station in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, United States. The station is served by Sound Transit's Link light rail system and is located near the intersection of Broadway and East John Street. It is situated between the Westlake and University of Washington stations on Line 1. The station consists of an island platform approximately 65 feet (20 m) under street level, connected to three surface entrances via two mezzanines. It contains pieces of public art, including Mike Ross's sculpture Jet Kiss and two murals by cartoonist Ellen Forney.
Capitol Hill had been proposed as the site of a subway stop in unimplemented plans from 1911 and 1968, but voter approval did not come until 1996. It was built as part of the University Link Extension, which began construction in 2009 and opened on March 19, 2016. Construction of the station required the demolition of two city blocks along Broadway, which will be redeveloped into a transit-oriented, mixed-use complex in 2020. Light rail trains serve the station twenty hours a day on most days; the headway between trains is six minutes during peak periods, with less frequent service at other times. The station is also served by the First Hill Streetcar and several King County Metro bus routes at nearby stops.
Johann Kaspar (or Caspar) Lavater (Alemannic German: [ˈlɒːv̥ɒtər]; 15 November 1741 – 2 January 1801) was a Swiss poet, writer, philosopher, physiognomist and theologian.
Barison Peninsula is the mostly ice-covered peninsula projecting 19 km in northwest direction from Graham Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.  It is 12 km wide between Beascochea Bay to the northeast and Leroux Bay to the southwest.  The area was possibly visited by the 1897–99 Belgian expedition under Adrien de Gerlache and the 1903–05 French expedition under Jean Charcot.
The peninsula was named by the 1973–74 Chilean Antarctic Expedition for Captain Eduardo Barison Roberts, commander of the expedition naval vessel Yelcho.
Many services running on modern digital telecommunications networks require accurate synchronization for correct operation. For example, if telephone exchanges are not synchronized, then bit slips will occur and degrade performance.  Telecommunication networks rely on the use of highly accurate primary reference clocks which are distributed network-wide using synchronization links and synchronization supply units. 
Ideally, clocks in a telecommunications network are synchronous, controlled to run at identical rates, or at the same mean rate with a fixed relative phase displacement, within a specified limited range. However, they may be mesochronous in practice. In common usage, mesochronous networks are often described as synchronous.
The Bofors 37 mm anti-tank gun was an anti-tank gun designed by Swedish manufacturer Bofors in the early 1930s originally for Swedish use. It was exported to several countries during the 1930s of which several bought licences to produce it themselves. The gun was used in several conflicts but most of its fame comes from its use in the Spanish Civil War and the Winter War where it was used very successfully against light tanks and armored cars among other targets. Beyond its use as an infantry gun it was also used as the main armament in several armored cars and tanks such as the Dutch M39 Pantserwagen and the Polish 7TP to name a few. As the armor of tanks was increased during World War II the gun very quickly became obsolete as an anti-tank gun but was still used effectively as an infantry support gun for the entirety of the war, and well into the Cold War. This was due to its high fire rate, great mobility and effective high explosive shells.
Gmina Pniewy is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. Its seat is the town of Pniewy, which lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-west of Szamotuły and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
The gmina covers an area of 158.57 square kilometres (61.2 sq mi), and as of 2006 its total population is 11,905 (out of which the population of Pniewy amounts to 7,464, and the population of the rural part of the gmina is 4,441).
The Southern League was a Class B and Class C minor league baseball league which operated intermittently in the Southern United States from 1885 to 1899. Financial problems plagued the league and its member teams throughout their existence. It was not unusual for teams to depart the league during the season or for the league to cease operations without completing the season. It was this lack of financial support which ultimately caused the league to permanently disband in 1889. In 1901, a new league, called the Southern Association, was created from its remnants.
Jean Carmet (25 April 1920 – 20 April 1994) was a French actor.
Blue Inc is a chain of fashion retail stores based and operating across the United Kingdom. It was notable for being one of the largest menswear retailers in the country until 2016. It had stores nationwide, mainly in larger towns and cities.
Around the time of its closure, it had 100+ stores across the United Kingdom. The business traded under both The Officers Club and Blue Inc names. 
In February 2019, it was brought out of administration by Rerun Limited, reopened 18 stores and are currently reopening more stores around the UK.
Darvishabad (Persian: درويش اباد, also Romanized as Darvīshābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 28, in 5 families.
Elton Chigumbura (born 14 March 1986) is a Zimbabwean former cricketer, who played for Zimbabwe national cricket team between 2004 and 2020.He was educated at Churchill School (Harare) and made his debut at the age of 18, amidst the rebel crisis and has played 14 Test matches. Chigumbura is the most capped player in the current ODI squad with more than 200 caps.
In May 2015 Chigumbura made his maiden ODI century, against Pakistan in Lahore, in his 174th ODI match. With more than 4000 runs and 100 wickets in ODIs, he is widely regarded as one of Zimbabwe's greatest all-rounders. In June 2016, during India's tour to Zimbabwe, he played in his 200th ODI match, with 197 of these for Zimbabwe and three for Africa XI.In November 2020, Chigumbura retired from international cricket following the conclusion of the T20I series against Pakistan.
Tom Brophy is an English former rugby union international who represented England from 1964 to 1966. In 1966 he swapped codes to become a rugby league footballer for Barrow.
Tenaya Peak is a mountain in the Yosemite high country, rising above Tenaya Lake. Tenaya Peak is named after Chief Tenaya, who met the Mariposa Battalion near the shores of the Tenaya lake. In 1851, the Mariposa Battalion under Captain John Boling expelled Chief Tenaya and his people from what was to become Yosemite National Park.
River Landscape is a 1642 landscape painting by the Dutch artist Salomon van Ruysdael. It is now in the Musée des Beaux-Arts of Strasbourg, France. Its inventory numbers is 277.The painting was bought in 1892 by Wilhelm von Bode from the London art dealer Martin Colnaghi and entered the Strasbourg collection the following year. The work is signed and dated, but the date has sometimes been misread as "1622" instead of "1642". Most of the surface of River Landscape is covered by a friendly sky. The landscape below is bustling with life: fishermen, huntsmen, ducks, and drinking cattle. The castle in the background has been identified as Muiden Castle, and the river as the Vecht. Muiden Castle was a center of Dutch cultural life at this time (Muiderkring).
Hospital de Santo António dos Capuchos (Portuguese pronunciation: [ɔʃ.piˈtaɫ dɨ ˈsɐ̃.tu /ɐ̃.ˈtɔ.nju/ duʃ kɐ.pˈu.ʃuʃ], "Hospital of Saint Anthony of the Capuchins"), more commonly referred to simply as Hospital dos Capuchos, is a public Central Hospital serving the Greater Lisbon area as part of the Central Lisbon University Hospital Centre (CHULC), a state-owned enterprise.
The complex results from several modifications of the former Convent of Saint Anthony of the Capuchins, established in 1579 and partially destroyed in the 1755 Lisbon earthquake. In 1836, Queen Maria II converted the former convent into an Asylum for the Poor. In 1928, the Asylum was transferred to the town of Alcobaça and the complex was repurposed into an hospital.
The Border is a 1982 American neo-noir drama film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Jack Nicholson, Harvey Keitel, Valerie Perrine, Elpidia Carrillo and Warren Oates.
Dixie County High School is located at 17924 SE 19 HWY in Cross City, Florida. It is a part of Dixie District Schools, which serves Dixie County. The school's teams are known as the Bears and Lady Bears.Notable alumni include professional basketball player Eugene McDowell and football players Nick Collins (Green Bay Packers) and Duke Dawson (New England Patriots).
Career technical programs Health Sciences (Certified Nursing Assistant) Welding, Agriculture, Aeronautical, Biotech, Computer and Digital Technology that offer students industry certification to prepare them for work after high school graduation.
Len Calligaro (June 24, 1921 – June 15, 2011) was a blocking back in the National Football League (NFL). He played with the New York Giants during the 1944 NFL season.
Propranolol, sold under the brand name Inderal among others, is a medication of the beta blocker class. It is used to treat high blood pressure, a number of types of irregular heart rate, thyrotoxicosis, capillary hemangiomas, performance anxiety, and essential tremors, as well to prevent migraine headaches, and to prevent further heart problems in those with angina or previous heart attacks. It can be taken by mouth or by injection into a vein. The formulation that is taken by mouth comes in short-acting and long-acting versions. Propranolol appears in the blood after 30 minutes and has a maximum effect between 60 and 90 minutes when taken by mouth.Common side effects include nausea, abdominal pain, and constipation. It should not be used in those with an already slow heart rate and most of those with heart failure. Quickly stopping the medication in those with coronary artery disease may worsen symptoms. It may worsen the symptoms of asthma. Caution is recommended in those with liver or kidney problems. Propranolol may cause harmful effects for the baby if taken during pregnancy. Its use during breastfeeding is probably safe, but the baby should be monitored for side effects. It is a non-selective beta blocker which works by blocking β-adrenergic receptors.Propranolol was patented in 1962 and approved for medical use in 1964. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. Propranolol is available as a generic medication.  In 2019, it was the 82nd most commonly prescribed medication in the United States, with more than 9 million prescriptions.
Rilwan Salawu (born 3 December 1987) is a Nigerian-born American soccer player who plays for Atlanta SC in the National Independent Soccer Association. He plays primarily as a defensive midfielder, but has played as a striker or holding midfielder in the past.
The Guadalcanal thicketbird (Cincloramphus turipavae) is a bird species. It used to be placed in the "Old World warbler" family Sylviidae, but it does not seem to be a close relative of the typical warblers; it belongs in the grass warbler family, Locustellidae. It is found on Guadalcanal.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Tarati (Urdu: تراٹی), is a village in Adhi Union Council, Gujar Khan Tehsil, Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan, in the centre of the Pothohar cultural region. The area has considerable natural resources in the form of petroleum and natural gas. It is approximately 45 kilometres southeast of Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan.
The 1986 LFF Lyga was the 65th season of the LFF Lyga football competition in Lithuania.  It was contested by 16 teams, and Banga Kaunas won the championship.
Nikolai Ivanovich Ivanov (Russian: Никола́й Ива́нович Ивано́в; April 8, 1836 – February 13, 1906) was a Russian businessman operating out of Tashkent, Russian Turkestan. He was known as the largest and most successful entrepreneur and commerce advisor in Tashkent, owning multiple distilleries and breweries in Tashkent and other Central Asian cities.
The Royal Montreal Curling Club (French: Club de Curling Royal Montréal) is the oldest curling club in  North America, established on January 27, 1807 by a group of Scottish Canadian immigrants in Montreal.The group met at the Gillis Tavern to lay down the rules of the organization. Thirty years later, the group would again make Canadian sports history, by building Canada's first indoor ice rink.In addition to its status as the oldest curling club on the continent, the Royal Montreal Curling Club is also the oldest active sports club in North America.
HMS Winchelsea (D46) was an Admiralty W-class destroyer of the Royal Navy, ordered 9 December 1916 from J. Samuel White at Cowes during the 1916–17 Build Programme.
Winchelsea was then launched 15 December 1917 and was the 7th Royal Navy ship to carry this name, which was introduced in 1694 and named after the 6th Earl of Winchelsea (1647–1730)In March 1945 she was decommissioned and sold for scrap.
This is a list of Governor of Jubaland, a federated state that is part of the Federal Republic of Somalia. The Governor state of Jubaland is an executive head of state: the Governor functions as the head of state, and is elected by Jubaland legislature to serve an indeterminate term.
Prior to achieving independence in 1960, the elected head of Jubaland in the form of a province and the time period was as follows.
Wagner Nunatak (83°58′S 66°30′W) is one of the Rambo Nunataks, 850 m, standing 9 nautical miles (17 km) south of Blackburn Nunatak in the Pensacola Mountains. Mapped by United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–66. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for John K. Wagner, radioscientist at Plateau Station, winter 1967.
 This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document: "Wagner Nunatak". (content from the Geographic Names Information System)
Disinvestment from Israel is a campaign conducted by religious and political entities which aims to use disinvestment to pressure the government of Israel to put "an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories captured during the 1967 military campaign." The disinvestment campaign is related to other economic and political boycotts of Israel.
A notable campaign was initiated in 2002 and endorsed by South Africa's Desmond Tutu. Tutu said that the campaign against Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories and its continued settlement expansion should be modeled on the successful historical, but controversial, disinvestment campaign against South Africa's apartheid system.
The Book of Caverns is an important ancient Egyptian netherworld book of the New Kingdom. Like all other netherworld books, it is also attested on the inside of kings’ tombs for the benefit of the deceased. It describes the journey of the sun god Ra through the six caverns of the underworld, focusing on the interaction between the sun god and the inhabitants of the netherworld, including rewards for the righteous and punishments for the enemies of the worldly order, those who fail their judgment in the afterlife.  The Book of Caverns is one of the best sources of information about the Egyptian concept of hell.The Book of Caverns originated in the 13th century BC in the Ramesside Period. The earliest known version of this work is on the left hand wall of the Osireion in Abydos.  Later it appears in the tomb of Ramesses IV in the Valley of the Kings. This appearance was already recorded by the founding father of Egyptology Jean François Champollion in his letters from Egypt.
Linopyrga feriarum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Ratho (Scottish Gaelic: Ràthach) is a village in the Rural West Edinburgh area of Edinburgh, Scotland. Its population at the 2011 census was 1,634 based on the 2010 definition of the locality. It was formerly in the old county of Midlothian. Ratho Station, Newbridge and Kirkliston are other villages in the area. The Union Canal passes through Ratho. Edinburgh Airport is situated only 4 miles (7 km) away. The village has a high ratio of its older houses built from whin stone due to a whin quarry nearby. The older, historical, part of the village was designated a Conservation Area in 1971 by Midlothian County Council.
Lake Leake (palawa kani: kunawi) is the name of both a man-made water storage reservoir and a small township (Australian Postcode 7210) in the eastern midlands of Tasmania. The locality is split between two local authorities, as follows:
Glamorgan-Spring Bay Council (47%)The lake can hold 22.076 gigalitres (779,600,000 cu ft) of water.  The lake was named after Charles Henry Leake a member of the Tasmanian Legislative Council. At the 2006 census, Lake Leake had a population of 176.
Cape Farewell is a headland in New Zealand, the most northerly point on the South Island. It is located just west of Farewell Spit. First mapped by Abel Tasman, it was named by British explorer Captain James Cook in 1770 —it was the last land seen by his crew as they departed on the ship's homeward voyage.Owing to its remote location it is one of the less visited of New Zealand's major capes. The "Clifftop walk" (2–3 hours one-way along the heights of the coast East of the cape) joins the area with the beginning of Farewell Spit, and has stunning vistas of the Tasman Sea to one side, of the sand dunes in the northeast and of the towering cliffs and rocky, primal landscapes to the shoreward (east) side.
In 2020, the northernmost 2.5 hectares of the cape was enclosed by a predator-proof fence to protect seabirds, rare native plants, giant snails and geckos.
The 2022 Dubai Tennis Championships (also known as the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships for sponsorship reasons) is an upcoming ATP 500 event on the 2022 ATP Tour and a WTA 500 tournament on the 2022 WTA Tour. Both events will be held at the Aviation Club Tennis Centre in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The women's tournament will take place from February 14 to 19 and the men's tournament from February 21 to 26.
Roman Vasilyevich Vintov (Russian: Роман Васильевич Винтов; born 1 July 1978) is a former Russian professional football player. He also held Ukrainian citizenship as Roman Vasylyovych Vintov (Ukrainian: Роман Васильович Вінтов).
Casey Jones was an American baseball right fielder in the Negro leagues. He played with the Baltimore Black Sox in 1934.
The Financial Health Network, formerly known as the Center for Financial Services Innovation (CFSI), is a nonprofit financial services consultancy headquartered in Chicago, specializing in serving unbanked and underbanked consumers.
An affiliate of ShoreBank Corporation, CFSI grew out of a research project conducted in 2002 by a division of ShoreBank on behalf of the Ford Foundation to examine the gap between supply and demand of financial services for low-income consumers as well as potential strategies to close it.  The project, authored by Ellen Seidman and Jennifer Tescher showed that millions of Americans are faced with an inadequate supply of well-designed, reasonably-priced financial products and services to both meet short-term needs and provide opportunities for longer-term wealth creation.
The 78th District of the Iowa House of Representatives in the state of Iowa.
The New Zealand Scout Jamboree is a Jamboree which is held every three years by Scouts New Zealand. The Jamboree is traditionally held in late December and early January, with a significant New Years party. The 22nd New Zealand Scout Jamboree was held at Mystery Creek Events Centre, Hamilton in the North Island from 28 December 2019 to 7 January 2020.
"Eisbär" (German for polar bear) is a 1980 "cult" song composed by the Swiss Neue Deutsche Welle band Grauzone. It first appeared on the 1980 compilation album Swiss Wave - The Album. The shorter single version was later collected on the Grauzone album Die Sunrise Tapes (1998).The song features a man singing he wants to be "a polar bear in the cold polar", because by being one he "wouldn't have to cry any longer and everything would be fine." The instrumental arrangement also evokes an Arctic atmosphere.
Grauzone recorded in 1982 an English-language version (Polar Bear) of the song, which was first released in 2010 on the double CD Grauzone 1980-1982 Remastered.The song is post-punk performed with guitar, drums and synthesizers.
Harmanköy is a village in the District of İnhisar, Bilecik Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 290  people.  There is a shop and a school which got shut down in 2008. Nowadays, that place is used for weddings.  
Ivan G. Court was the 65th mayor of Saint John, New Brunswick in Canada from May 28, 2008 – May 28, 2012. He was succeeded by Mel Norton.In 2014, Court attempted a run in provincial politics in the riding of Saint John Lancaster and said he believes he has the credentials to improve the situation for the people of his riding. "I served 14 years on Common Council, ten as a Councillor and four as the mayor", Court said. "I was involved heavily in sports. I believe I have the knowledge base. I worked with the Ministers of Local Government. I don't think there’s a politician right now in Fredericton that has my experience working at the national, provincial and municipal levels." However the former mayor was unsuccessful losing the Liberal nomination to former city councillor Peter McGuire.
The 2009 Auckland Rugby League season was the 2009 season of senior rugby league in Auckland. The Auckland Rugby League ran the various competitions. The season commenced on 14 March with the start of the Phelan Shield and ended on 5 September with the Fox Memorial Grand Final. This was the 100th season of the competition, which began with the 1910 season.
The season followed the same format as 2008, with a qualification series in the first half of the year giving sixteen teams the opportunity to enter the Fox Memorial competition.
Beginning 7 June two games a week were broadcast in both English and Māori on Māori Television and Te Reo respectively.
Pierre Tolar (born 1898, date of death unknown) was a Luxembourgian gymnast. He competed in nine events at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
"The Yellow Rose of Texas" is a traditional American folk song dating back to at least the 1850s. Members of the Western Writers of America chose it as one of the Top 100 Western songs of all time. Several versions of the song have been recorded, including by Elvis Presley, Willie Nelson and Mitch Miller.
The Davidson–Smitherman House, also known as the Davidson Plantation, is a historic plantation house in Centreville in Bibb County, Alabama.   It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 6, 1988.
Paul Taylor (born 26 July 1959) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s. He played at club level for Parramatta Eels (Heritage No. 385) for nine season between 1981-1989, Oldham (Heritage No. 891) (two spells) in 1984 and 1989, Wakefield Trinity (Heritage No. 1015) in 1989-90, and Penrith Panthers (Heritage No. 295) in 1990 before retiring. He played as a fullback, five-eighth, halfback, hooker, second-row, or lock, i.e. number 1, 6, 7, 9, 11 or 12, or 13.
Wendy Russell Davis (born Wendy Jean Russell; May 16, 1963) is an American lawyer and  Democratic Party politician from Fort Worth, Texas. Davis represented the 10th district in the Texas Senate from 2009 to 2015. She previously served on the Fort Worth City Council. 
On June 25, 2013, Davis held a thirteen-hour-long filibuster to block Senate Bill 5, a measure which included more restrictive abortion regulations for Texas. The filibuster played a major role in Senate Democrats' success in delaying passage of the bill beyond the midnight deadline for the end of the legislative session, though it ultimately passed in a second session. The filibuster brought Davis national attention, leading to speculation about a run for governor of Texas. She subsequently ran for governor of Texas in 2014, but was defeated by Republican Party nominee Greg Abbott by 59% to 38%.On July 22, 2019, Davis announced she would run for Texas's 21st congressional district in 2020. She lost the election to Republican Chip Roy.
Lefkada (Greek: Λευκάδα, Lefkáda, [lefˈkaða]), also known as Lefkas or Leukas (Ancient Greek and Katharevousa: Λευκάς, Leukás, modern pronunciation Lefkás) and Leucadia, is a Greek island in the Ionian Sea on the west coast of Greece, connected to the mainland by a long causeway and floating bridge. The principal town of the island and seat of the municipality is Lefkada. It is situated on the northern part of the island, approximately 25 minutes by automobile away from Aktion National Airport. The island is part of the regional unit of Lefkada.
Deshabandu Wimala de Silva (2 June 1920 – 15 April 2007) was a prominent Sri Lankan educationist and social activist. She was a former chancellor of the University of Sri Jayawardenepura and founding principal of Devi Balika Vidyalaya, which is now regarded as one of the leading national schools in Sri Lanka. During her lifetime, she was widely known for her research and efforts on raising issues and concerns regarding the gender inequality in Sri Lanka.
Warsaw Scientific Society (Polish: Towarzystwo Naukowe Warszawskie; TNW) is a Polish scientific society based in Warsaw. It was established in 1907 as a continuation of the Society of Friends of Science to advance the sciences and arts and to publish scientific papers.
Final Fantasy XIII is a science fantasy role-playing video game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles and later for the Microsoft Windows operating system. Released in Japan in December 2009 and international in March 2010, it is the thirteenth title in the mainline Final Fantasy series. The game includes fast-paced combat, a new system for the series for determining which abilities are developed for the characters called "Crystarium", and a customizable "Paradigm" system to control which abilities are used by the characters. Final Fantasy XIII includes elements from the previous games in the series, such as summoned monsters, chocobos, and airships.
The game takes place in the fictional floating world of Cocoon, whose government, the Sanctum, is ordering a purge of civilians who have supposedly come into contact with Pulse, the much-feared world below. The former soldier Lightning begins her fight against the government in order to save her sister who has been branded as an unwilling servant to a god-like being from Pulse, making her an enemy of Cocoon. Lightning is soon joined by a band of allies, and together the group also become marked by the same Pulse creature. They rally against the Sanctum while trying to discover their assigned task and whether they can avoid being turned into monsters or crystals at the completion.
Development began in 2004, and the game was first announced at Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) 2006. Final Fantasy XIII is the flagship title of the Fabula Nova Crystallis collection of Final Fantasy games and is the first game to use Square Enix's Crystal Tools engine. Final Fantasy XIII received mostly positive reviews from video game publications, which praised the game's graphics, presentation, and battle system. The game's story received a mixed response from reviewers, and its linearity compared to previous games in the series was mostly criticized. Selling 1.7 million copies in Japan in 2009, Final Fantasy XIII became the fastest-selling title in the history of the series. As of 2017, the game has sold over 7 million copies worldwide on consoles. The Microsoft Windows version has sold over 746,000 copies according to SteamSpy. A sequel, titled Final Fantasy XIII-2, was released in December 2011 in Japan and in February 2012 in North America and PAL regions. A second sequel, titled Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII, which concludes Lightning's story and the Final Fantasy XIII series, was released in November 2013 in Japan and in February 2014 in North America and PAL regions. In September 2014, Square Enix announced the Final Fantasy XIII series has been widely successful and has shipped over 11 million copies worldwide.
On November 13, 2018, it was added to Xbox One Backward Compatibility along with its sequels making it playable on the console. It is also Xbox One X Enhanced allowing it to run at a higher resolution.
Amalgamated Society of Engineers v Adelaide Steamship Co Ltd, commonly known as the Engineers case, was a landmark decision by the High Court of Australia on 31 August 1920. The immediate issue concerned the Commonwealth's power under s51(xxxv) of the Constitution but the court did not confine itself to that question, using the opportunity to roam broadly over constitutional interpretation.Widely regarded as one of the most important cases ever decided by the High Court of Australia, it swept away the earlier doctrines of implied intergovernmental immunities and reserved state powers, thus paving the way for fundamental changes in the nature of federalism in Australia.
Elizabeth Thompson (born 8 December 1994) is a New Zealand field hockey player who plays for the national team. She competed in the women's hockey tournament at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where she won a bronze medal.
Vic Mather (9 December 1924 – 10 May 2009) was  a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Mota Kothasana is a village and former petty princely state on Saurashtra peninsula, in Gujarat, western India.
Michael K. Ross (July 14, 1941 – August 21, 2007) was an American civil rights activist, construction worker, and member of the Washington House of Representatives who served from 1970 to 1972. He is the last Republican to have been elected from Washington's 37th legislative district.
The Jatna’s tarsier (Tarsius supriatnai) is a species of tarsier found in Indonesia. Their call, or "songs" are known to be different from other similar tarsier species. The Jatna's tarsier has giant eyes and ears, and they also can rotate their heads like owls. This skill helps them locate predators and prey in the dark. They can also jump like 40 times their body length. This species of tarsiers was named after  Dr. Jatna Supriatna because in his professional life, he has spent most of the time talking about the biodiversity in Indonesia and did a lot of work on tarsiers.
Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 9th Earl of Shaftesbury  (31 August 1869 – 25 March 1961), was the son of the 8th Earl of Shaftesbury and Lady Harriet Augusta Anna Seymourina Chichester (1836 – 14 April 1898), the daughter of the 3rd Marquess of Donegall and Lady Harriet Anne Butler.
There are over 130 titles in the Mega Man series. In all cases, the English title is given first, as well as the initial release date.
Rytro [ˈrɨtrɔ] (Ukrainian: Ритро, Rytro) is a village in Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rytro. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Nowy Sącz and 83 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 3,500.
The agile frog (Rana dalmatina) is a European frog in the genus Rana of the true frog family, Ranidae.
2-Oxoquazepam (Sch 15725) is a benzodiazepine derivative and one of the major active metabolites of quazepam (Doral).
Hadaf Minab Hormozgan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Bandar Abbas, Iran. They currently compete in the 2011–12 Hazfi Cup.
Daniel Gerard Breland (born July 18, 1995), known professionally as Breland, is an American singer, songwriter and record producer of a hybrid of country-rap, R&B, and soul music. His 2019 debut single, "My Truck", rose to prominence the following year after gaining popular attention via social media, reaching No. 26 on Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart, and was remixed with Sam Hunt before being certified platinum for sales of one million units as of January 2021.Breland has released two EPs on Bad Realm Records/Atlantic Records, and his music been streamed on Spotify over 28 million times. He is scheduled to release his debut full-length album in 2022.
The Vuelta al Ecuador  is a cycling race held annually in Ecuador. It was part of the UCI America Tour in category 2.2 from 2007 to 2010.
The 1882 Franklin North by-election  was a by-election held on 9 June 1882 during the 8th New Zealand Parliament in the rural South Auckland electorate of Franklin North.
The by-election was caused by the election of Benjamin Harris in the 1881 election being declared void on a petition of the losing candidate Frank Buckland. Chief Justice James Prendergast, and Justice Gillies declared the election void. Allegations were made of "intimidation".However Benjamin Harris won the subsequent by-election.
A pyramid scheme is a business model that recruits members via a promise of payments or services for enrolling others into the scheme, rather than supplying investments or sale of products. As recruiting multiplies, recruiting becomes quickly impossible, and most members are unable to profit; as such, pyramid schemes are unsustainable and often illegal.
Pyramid schemes have existed for at least a century in different guises. Some multi-level marketing plans have been classified as pyramid schemes.
Antonio Salinas is a Mexican dancer, choreographer and stage actor. He has studied and collaborated with Mexican and international artists and has taught in a number of universities at home and abroad. In 1999, he was named one of the best dancers in Mexico by Zona de Danza.
He was the umpire for the Matador BBQs One-Day Cup match played between the CA XI and South Australia.
Phialucium is a genus of cnidarians belonging to the monotypic family Phialuciidae.The species of this genus are found in India Ocean, Malesia, Australia.Species:
Lay ministry is a term used for ministers of faiths in Christian denominations who are not ordained in their faith tradition. Lay ministers are people who are elected by the church, full-time or part-time. They may have theological degrees and training, which may be required in certain instances, but not all lay ministries require this qualification. Lay ministers are generally chosen in small communities where it is difficult to find professional clergy to serve or serve in roles in which lay ministers are appropriate to fulfill the pastoral duties (ex: a Catholic hospital chaplain does not have to be an ordained priest). In most Protestant churches, deacons, Sunday School teachers, youth ministers, and praise teams are considered lay ministry positions.
The Chibi Vampire manga series and its light novel adaptation feature a cast of characters created by Yuna Kagesaki. The series takes place in a fictional Japan where vampires live amongst humans and are slowly dying out from lack of reproduction. Among them is Karin Maaka, an unusual vampire who does not drink blood but instead must inject it into others because her body produces too much. The middle child in a family of vampires, Karin lives like a normal human teenager, attending school and walking in the daylight with no harm to herself. Her parents, Henry and Calera Maaka, along with her older brother Ren and younger sister Anju, worry about her unusual nature. At school Karin meets a new transfer student, the human Kenta Usui, with whom she becomes friends and later falls in love. After he learns her secret, he agrees to help Karin during the day when her vampire family is unable to watch over her. While the awkward couple deal with the issues of a relationship between a human and a vampire, they meet Yuriya Tachibana, a human-vampire hybrid sent by her uncle Glark to look for the "psyche" of vampires. The pair eventually kidnaps Karin, the "Spring of Psyche", and intending that all vampires drink her blood so that it may rejuvenate their species.
The anime television adaptation features character designs by Yumi Nakayama and a slightly modified story. Yuriya, Glark and Bridget do not appear; instead, the Maaka family finds itself targeted by the Sinclair family of vampire hunters. Victor Sinclair wishes to destroy the family, blaming them for his family's "shame" because his ancestor Alfred Sinclair fell in love with Elda Maaka, Karin's grandmother. Victor blames Elda for loving Alfred and filling his life with sadness. Victor's grandson Winner initially aids him in his quest, but develops feelings for Karin who gave him confidence when he questioned his ability to follow his dreams.
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to fungi:
Fungi – "Fungi" is plural for "fungus". A fungus is any member of the group of  eukaryotic organisms that includes unicellular microorganisms such as yeasts and molds, as well as multicellular fungi that produce familiar fruiting forms known as mushrooms. Biologists classify these organisms as a kingdom, Fungi, separate from the other life-kingdoms of plants, animals, protists, and bacteria. One difference that places fungi in a different kingdom is that their cell walls contain chitin, unlike the cell walls of plants, bacteria and some protists. Similar to animals, fungi are heterotrophs, that is, they acquire their food by absorbing dissolved molecules, typically by secreting digestive enzymes into their environment. Growth is their means of mobility, except for spores (a few of which are  flagellated), which may travel through air or water. Fungi function as the principal decomposers in ecological systems.
Petrovo (Russian: Петрово) is a rural locality (a village) in Nikolskoye Rural Settlement, Ustyuzhensky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 62 as of 2002.
Siméon Marotte de Muis ((in Latin) Muisius) (1587–1644) was a French churchman and Hebraist, professor at the  Collège du roi from 1614,  and biblical commentator.
Pancar Merah is an Islamic talisman found among the Banjar people from South Borneo.
It is used to protect and defend the bearer when dealing with people of high status such are tribal leaders or kings.Pancar Merah has a circular shape with a diameter of 50-70 mm, it is made from silver, copper, silver plated copper or brass and is richly engraved on both sides with Arabic scripts.
On the front side a Pancar Merah is usually engraved with the 99 Names of Allah (Al Asma Ul Husna) and the back side is engraved in accordance with the wishes of the talisman`s orderer (fortune, charisma, security, love or similar).
Pancar Merah is made by a skilled person with a high spiritual level, usually a kyai (ulama, sheikh), and it is crafted only in certain times or periods before or after praying or fasting.
The most notable pieces of Pancar Merah were made in desa (village) Dalam Pagar near Martapura, South Kalimantan, Indonesia before World War II.
Ptycholoma erschoffi is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the south-eastern part of European Russia, the Caucasus, Transcaucasia, Transbaikalia, Turkmenistan, Asia Minor and Iran.The wingspan is 19–25 mm for females and 15–17 mm for males. Adults are on wing from May to June.
The larvae feed on Malus, Prunus and Rosa species. They can be found from April to May.
Behind the Banana Curtain is a compilation album released by Australian radio station 4ZZZ. It is a 2 disc set that documents 25 years of 4ZZZ broadcasting and their contribution to Brisbane's music scene
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1985.
The Shōwa Restoration (昭和維新, Shōwa Ishin) was promoted by Japanese author Kita Ikki in the 1930s, with the goal of restoring power to the newly enthroned Japanese Emperor Hirohito and abolishing the liberal Taishō democracy. The aims of the "Showa Restoration" were similar to the Meiji Restoration as the groups who envisioned it imagined a small group of qualified people backing up a strong Emperor. The Cherry Blossom Society envisioned such a restoration.The February 26 Incident was an attempt to bring it about, failing heavily because they were unable to secure the support of the Emperor. The chief conspirators surrendered in the hope to make their trial advance the cause, a hope which was foiled by the trials being conducted secretly.Although all such attempts failed, it was a first step on the rise of Japanese militarism.
Sultan Ahmed Mirza was the eldest son of Abu Sa'id Mirza on whose death he became the Timurid ruler of Samarkand and Bukhara from 1469 until 1494. During his rule, he successfully repelled at least one invasion attempt by the Kara Koyunlu, and failed in an attempt to conquer Khurasan from its ruler Sultan Husayn Mirza Bayqara. He was embroiled in the Timurid Civil Wars with his brothers Umar Shaikh Mirza II and Sultan Mahmud Mirza. He died while returning from his Ferghana expedition against Babur, the twelve-year-old son and successor of Umar Shaikh Mirza II. As he had no male heir, he was succeeded by his brother, Sultan Mahmud Mirza.
As the last in the famed collection of sonnets written by English poet and playwright William Shakespeare from 1592 to 1598, Sonnet 154 is most often thought of in a pair with the previous sonnet, number 153. As A. L. Rowse states in Shakespeare's Sonnets: The Problems Solved, Sonnets 153 and 154 "are not unsuitably placed as a kind of coda to the Dark Lady Sonnets, to which they relate." Rowse calls attention to the fact that Sonnets 153 and 154 "serve quite well to round off the affair Shakespeare had with Emilia, the woman characterized as the Dark Lady, and the section of the Dark Lady sonnets". Shakespeare used Greek mythology to address love and despair in relationships. The material in Sonnets 153 and 154 has been shown to relate to the six-line epigram ascribed to Marianus Scholasticus in the Greek Anthology. The epigram resembles Sonnets 153 and 154, addressing love and the story of Cupid, the torch, and the Nymph's attempt to extinguish the torch.
Eating is a 1990 American comedy-drama film starring Nelly Alard, Lisa Blake Richards, Frances Bergen, Mary Crosby, Gwen Welles, Elizabeth Kemp, Marina Gregory and written and directed by Henry Jaglom.
The Big West Conference (BWC) is an American collegiate athletic conference whose member institutions participate in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I. The conference was originally formed on July 1, 1969 as the Pacific Coast Athletic Association (PCAA), and in 1988 was renamed the Big West Conference. The conference stopped sponsoring college football after the 2000 season.
Among the conference's 11 member institutions, 10 are located in California (with 9 located in southern California alone) and one is located in Hawaii. All of the schools are public universities, with the California schools evenly split between the California State University and the University of California systems. In addition, one affiliate member plays two sports in the BWC not sponsored by its home conference.
George Watson McGregor Reid was a Scottish modern Druid who established and led the Church of the Universal Bond.
Little is known of Reid's early life although he may have been born in Scotland. He embarked on a nautical career and by 1888 was involved in trade union activities for seamen.
Joseph Vincent Kulbacki (March 1, 1938 – November 26, 2012) was an American author, vintner, entrepreneur, and  American football halfback, in college for Purdue and in Professional Football in the American Football League for the Buffalo Bills.
Kulbacki was born in Ridgway, Pennsylvania.  He played college football at Purdue University and was drafted in 16th round of the 1960 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins, but chose to play for the AFL's Bills in their first season, 1960.
Kulbacki was also author of America...A Nation That's Lost Its Way, a conservative critique of modern American politics and society in the context of its Judeo-Christian values, and paralleling the rise and fall of past civilizations, particularly Ancient Rome. he died in 2012.
Sri Narayana Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a secondary school in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India. It was founded by Mrs. Nandhini Santha Kumaran.
Western riding is considered a style of horse riding which has evolved from the ranching and welfare traditions which were brought to the Americans by the Spanish Conquistadors, as well as both equipment and riding style which evolved to meet the working needs of the cowboy in the American West. At the time, American cowboys had to work long hours in the saddle and often over rough terrain, sometimes having to rope a cattle using a lariat, also known as a lasso. Because of the necessity to control the horse with one hand and use a lariat with the other, western horses were trained to neck rein, that is, to change direction with light pressure of a rein against the horse's neck. Horses were also trained to exercise a certain degree of independence in using their natural instincts to follow the movements of a cow, thus a riding style developed that emphasized a deep, secure seat, and training methods encouraged a horse to be responsive on very light rein contact.
Though there are significant differences in equipment, there are fewer differences between English and Western riding than appear at first glance. When comparing Western riding or English riding, the first, and biggest difference is the saddles used. The Western saddle is designed to be larger and heavier than an English saddle, which is designed to be smaller and lighter. The western saddle allows the weight of the rider to be spread over a larger area of the horse's back which makes it more comfortable, especially for long days chasing cows. The English saddle, however, is designed to allow the rider to have closer contact with the horse's back (Wilson, 2003).Another difference is that English riding involves the rider having direct contact with the horse's mouth via reins and the reins are used as part of an “aid.” In western riding, however, horses are mainly ridden with little to no contact with the riders using their seat, weight and neck reining to give aid or instructions in direction, etc., to the horse. In both Western and English riding, however, involve the rider sitting tall and straight in the saddle with their legs hanging naturally against the horse's sides as well as their arms relaxed and against their side, but not flapping, which is frowned against (Wilson, 2003)."Western Riding" is also the name for a specific event within western competition where a horse performs a pattern that combines trail and reining elements.
Ron Bissett (8 November 1931 – 18 July 2015) was a Canadian basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Microbryum is a genus of mosses belonging to the family Pottiaceae.The genus was first described by Wilhelm Philippe Schimper.The genus has cosmopolitan distribution.Species:
Ksenia Krimer (born (1992-07-19)19 July 1992) is a  Russian female water polo player. She is part of the Russia women's national water polo team. She has competed in a number of international tournaments, including the 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship.
Lebanese people in France include migrants from Lebanon to France, as well as their descendants.
The Criterion Collection is a video distribution company which specializes in licensing and selling "important classic and contemporary films" in "editions that offer the highest technical quality and award-winning, original supplements." Janus Films and the Voyager Company established The Criterion Collection in 1984 as a privately held company concentrating exclusively upon the North American home video market. Aside from three early rare titles on VHS and Betamax cassette, between 1984 and 1998 Criterion published home video releases exclusively on the LaserDisc format, pioneering now standard features such as letterboxing, audio commentary tracks, and other supplemental content. In 1998, Criterion shifted from LaserDiscs into the then fledgling DVD market, and has since issued over 1,000 DVD and Blu-ray releases. In 2021, 4K Ultra HD releases were announced to launch starting with Citizen Kane in November.  All of Criterion's LaserDisc releases have since gone out of print.
Frampton is a municipality in La Nouvelle-Beauce Regional County Municipality in the Chaudière-Appalaches administrative region of Quebec.
After the War of 1812, in the time of land grants were given to soldiers in the region as reward for their service to the British Crown.  Brothers William and Gilbert Henderson, originally of the Shetland Islands, and Pierre-Edouard Desbarats, partnered in developing Frampton Township along with the surrounding towns of Saint-Malachie, where both Henderson brothers are buried, and Standon Township.  The towns grew with the influx of Irish immigrants to Canada after the war.  It is said that the well-read William Henderson gave the town the name Frampton in honour of Mary Frampton, an author in England from that period.
In 1844, the 1,662 inhabitants of Frampton were almost exclusively Irish and English speaking. However, 100 years later, the Irish community had practically vanished because of recessions; chain migration to New England, Western Canada, and Western United States; and assimilation to the French-Canadian culture.
"All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You", also known as "All I Wanna Do", is a song by the rock band Heart. It was composed by veteran songwriter and producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange and released as the lead single from the band's tenth studio album, Brigade. The song was first recorded as "All I Want to Do Is Make Love to You" by Dobie Gray in 1979, though with different lyrics. The Heart version tells the story of a woman who sets out to seduce a hitchhiker in order to become pregnant because although there is a man in her life, he is infertile."All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You" was a success, spending two weeks at number two on the US Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number eight in the UK Singles Chart, (becoming their last top ten in the UK), and reaching number one in Canada and Australia. It was also nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Group Pop Vocal Performance, and is the only one of Heart's singles to have been certified Gold by the RIAA. On the Adult Contemporary chart, the song climbed to number six, becoming the third of Heart's four top-ten AC hits (after "These Dreams" and "Alone").
The single was Heart's last pop chart top ten hit in the US to date. The band had one more top ten Adult Contemporary chart hit with the follow-up, "Stranded"; "Stranded" and two singles from 1994's Desire Walks On ("Black on Black II" and "Will You Be There (In The Morning)") were also top 10 Album Rock chart hits.
Dornier Wines, established in 1995, is located at foot of the Stellenbosch Mountains in South Africa's Stellenbosch wine region. The winery is named after the German artist Christoph Dornier; he was the youngest son of aircraft designer Claude Dornier. In 1995 Dornier started the estate by purchasing their first of five farms and the winery has since grown to more than 800 hectares. The land itself has a wine-growing history that dates to the mid 1960s. Since 2006, Dornier has been a member of the Biodiversity and Wine Initiative, which contributes to the sustainable cultivation of the vineyards and the protection of the local fynbos. In 2007 Dornier opened their Bodega Restaurant in one of the oldest buildings of Stellenbosch.Wines produced from this winery has received some awards from International Wine and Spirit Competition and Decanter World Wide Awards and their labels have been recognized by the design community.
The Treason Act 1586 (29 Eliz.1 c.2) was an Act of the Parliament of England. Its short title was "An act concerning errors in records of attainders of high treason." It stated that where a person had been executed for high treason, their conviction was not to be posthumously overturned or "reversed" at the suit of their heirs. This was because (according to the Act's preamble) "through corruption or negligent keeping, the records of attainders of treason happen many times to be impaired, blemished or otherwise to be defective." The Act was intended to prevent people from taking advantage of this.
The Act did not apply to any writ of error which had already been brought, or affect any record which had already been reversed.
Muhammad Hazim Faiz bin Hassan (born 28 September 1995 in Singapore) is a Singaporean footballer.
An electrostatic lens is a device that assists in the transport of charged particles. For instance, it can guide electrons emitted from a sample to an electron analyzer, analogous to the way an optical lens assists in the transport of light in an optical instrument. Systems of electrostatic lenses can be designed in the same way as optical lenses, so electrostatic lenses easily magnify or converge the electron trajectories. An electrostatic lens can also be used to focus an ion beam, for example to make a microbeam for irradiating individual cells.
Dendrolaelaps bisetus is a species of mite in the family Ologamasidae.This species was formerly a member of the genus Gamasellus.
Elaiza (German: [ɛlaˈiːza]) is a German band from Berlin that represented Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen, Denmark, with their song "Is It Right". The leader of the group is Elżbieta "Ela" Steinmetz. She was born in Ukraine and is of mixed Polish and Ukrainian origin as her mother comes from Poland and her father is from Ukraine.
 This cultural background is reflected in the sound of her songs.
Eye of the Eagle, also known as The Lost Command is a 1987 direct-to-video film directed by Cirio H. Santiago and starring Robert Patrick. It was followed in 1989 by Eye of the Eagle 2: Inside the Enemy.
William McKendree Morgan (December 2, 1869 – October 16, 1942) was a lawyer and politician in Idaho and served for two separate periods on the Idaho Supreme Court.Born in Adams County, Illinois to John Milton Morgan and Mary (Gooding) Morgan, Morgan was educated in the country schools of Bourbon County, Kansas, later attending the Kansas Normal College at Fort Scott. In 1890, when twenty years of age, he set out to win a fortune in the far west. Making his way to Idaho, he located at Moscow in Latah County and secured employment on ranches in that vicinity. During the winter of 1890–91, he took up the study of law, and was admitted to the bar on October 9, 1894.In the interim, he became a deputy sheriff of Latah County, serving in that position from 1 January 1893, until 1895, when he began practice. He served as a Democrat in the state legislature from 1897 to 1899, and in 1897 was also appointed private secretary to Henry Heitfeld, United States senator, and continued in that position for five years or until 1902, spending most of the period in Washington, D.C. While there, he pursued a course in the law department of Georgetown University, receiving an LL.M. in 1899.Morgan's brother Albert was also an Idaho lawyer, and the brothers were law partners at various times. Although they were closely associated in their professional and social interests, they had opposite political views, Morgan being a Democrat and his brother being a staunch Republican.Morgan served as mayor of Moscow from 1906–1908 and returned to the state legislature from 1911 to 1913, serving as the minority leader in the House. In 1914 he was elected to the Idaho Supreme Court, and by natural rotation became Chief Justice on January 1, 1919. Morgan resigned from the Idaho Supreme Court in 1920, returning to private practice. However, he defeated incumbent Justice Bertram S. Varian to return to the Idaho Supreme Court in 1933, and served until his death at age 72 in 1942.
46 Boötis is a binary star system in the northern constellation of Boötes, located mid-way between α Coronae Borealis and ε Boötis. It has the Bayer designation b Boötis; 46 Boötis is the Flamsteed designation. The system lies 478 light-years away from the Sun based on parallax, and is visible to the naked eye as a faint, orange-hued star with a combined apparent visual magnitude of 5.67. It is moving away from the Earth with a heliocentric radial velocity of +19 km/s. The light from this system displays an unusually high level of polarization due to interstellar dust.This is a single-lined spectroscopic binary with an orbital period of 7.03 years and a large eccentricity of 0.83. The primary member, designated component A, is an aging giant star with a stellar classification of K2 III. As a consequence of exhausting the hydrogen at its core, it has expanded to 23 times the Sun's radius. It is radiating 176 times the luminosity of the Sun from its enlarged photosphere at an effective temperature of 4,349 K. The companion star, component B, is most likely a lower main-sequence star with 0.6–0.8 times the Sun's mass.
The Valency Interaction Formula, or VIF provides a way of drawing or interpreting  the molecular structural formula based on molecular orbital theory.  Valency Points, VP, dots drawn on a page, represent valence orbitals.  Valency Interactions, VI, that connect the dots, show interactions between these valence orbitals.  Theory was developed by Turkish quantum chemist Oktay Sinanoğlu in the early 1980s and first published in 1983. The theory was like a new language of quantum mechanics by the exact definition of Hilbert space. It was also the solution of the problem that Paul Dirac was trying to solve at the time of his death in 1984, which concerned the hidden symmetries in Hilbert space which were responsible for the accidental degeneracies not arising from a spatial symmetry, that was about the higher symmetries of Hilbert space) Sinanoğlu showed that the solution was possible only when the topology tool was used. This VIF theory also connected both delocalized and localized molecular orbital schemes into a unified form in an elegant way.
Chemical deductions are made from a VIF picture with the application of two pictorial rules. These are linear transformations applied to the VIF structural formula as a quantum operator.  Transformation by the two rules preserves invariants crucial to the characterization of the molecular electronic properties, the numbers of bonding, non-bonding, and anti-bonding orbitals and/or the numbers of doubly, singly, and unoccupied valence orbitals.  The two pictorial rules relate all pictures with the same electronic properties as characterized by these invariants.
A thorough presentation of VIF is available through the open access journal symmetry.
Tough Beauty and the Sloppy Slop is a 1995 Hong Kong action film directed by Yuen Bun and Alan Chui and starring Yuen Biao, Cynthia Khan, Waise Lee and Monsour Del Rosario.
This is a list of episodes from the second season of Cannon.
Herbert Wernicke (24 March 1946 – 16 April 2002) was a German opera director and a set and costume designer. He was born in Auggen, Baden-Württemberg. He studied piano, flute, and directing at the conservatory in Braunschweig and set design at the academy in Munich. After starting out as set and costume designer in Landshut and Wuppertal, and directing his first play in Darmstadt, he directed his first opera, Handel's Belshazzar, in 1978 in Darmstadt. The majority of Wernicke's artistic work was at the theater in Basel, where he lived since 1990.
On 16 April 2002 Wernicke died unexpectedly at age 56 after a short, serious illness in the hospital in Basel. On 5 May 2002 Theater Basel premiered Israel in Egypt in the fragmentary form left by Wernicke at his death. He was buried in a cemetery in Auggen, his birth city.
Makolkol is a possible Papuan language formerly spoken on the Gazelle Peninsula of East New Britain Province on the island of New Britain, Papua New Guinea. Stebbins (2010) reports it is unattested. Palmer (2018) treats it as unclassified.It is not known if it was related to the neighboring Baining languages.
Žale Central Cemetery (Slovene: Centralno pokopališče Žale), often simply Žale, is the largest and the central cemetery in Ljubljana and Slovenia. It is located in the Bežigrad District and operated by the Žale Public Company.
Alta Rockefeller Prentice (April 12, 1871 – June 21, 1962) was an American philanthropist and socialite, daughter of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller.
Ripley's Game is a 2002 thriller film directed by Liliana Cavani. It is adapted from the 1974 novel Ripley's Game, the third in Patricia Highsmith's series about the murderous adventures of the anti-hero Tom Ripley. John Malkovich stars as Ripley, opposite Dougray Scott and Ray Winstone. It received positive reviews. Highsmith's novel was previously adapted in 1977 as The American Friend by director Wim Wenders, starring Dennis Hopper and Bruno Ganz.
The Lampyrini are a tribe of fireflies in the large subfamily Lampyrinae. The lineage formerly separated as Pleotomini seems to be a specialized offshoot of the Lampyrini not too distant from the type genus Lampyris and is therefore included here. This tribe occurs throughout the Holarctic and contains the typical "glowing" or "continuous-light" fireflies from that region. Some otherwise very advanced Lampyrini, like species in Paraphausis and Pyrocoelia, have degenerated light-producing organs again and communicate primarily or even exclusively with pheromones like the ancestors of the fireflies did.
The Somerville Journal is a weekly newspaper published in Somerville, Massachusetts.
The 1959 National Invitation Tournament was the 1959 edition of the annual NCAA college basketball competition.
"Cater 2 U" is a song by American recording group Destiny's Child, taken from their fourth studio album Destiny Fulfilled (2004). Columbia Records released it as the album's fourth and final single on June 6, 2005. The song was written by band members Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams along with Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, Ricky "Ric Rude" Lewis and Robert Waller, with Beyoncé, Rude and Jerkins handling its production. An R&B ballad talking about a woman's desire to cater to the male love interest of her life, "Cater 2 U" contains synthesizers in its instrumentation. A lawsuit filled by singer-songwriter Rickey Allen in 2006 claimed the group only recorded a cover of the song which was originally his; however the case was settled in 2009.
"Cater 2 U" received mixed reviews from music critics who, despite generally praising its composition and the group members' vocal performances, criticized the lyrical content. The song was nominated in two categories at the 48th Annual Grammy Awards in 2006 and received an award for Best R&B/Soul Single, Group, Band or Duo at the 2006 Soul Train Music Awards. "Cater 2 U" was commercially successful in the US, peaking at number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 and three on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, further receiving a gold certification. The song also appeared in the top ten in New Zealand and top twenty in Australia, while also receiving minor chart placement in Belgium and Netherlands.
A music video for the song was filmed by Jake Nava and shot at the Red Rock Canyon State Park in California. It features the trio at a desert with each member singing at a separate set and later a choreographed dance during the chorus. To further promote "Cater 2 U", Destiny's Child performed the song during several televised appearances and at the 2005 BET Awards. In addition, "Cater 2 U" was added to the set list of Destiny's Child's final tour Destiny Fulfilled... and Lovin' It in 2005. Both Beyoncé and Rowland performed the song during their solo tours after Destiny's Child's disbandment. A cover version of "Cater 2 U" was performed by Usher and Babyface at the 2005 World Music Awards as a tribute to the group due to their disbandment that followed the same year.
Langley Secondary is a public high school in Langley, British Columbia part of School District 35 Langley. It is the oldest secondary school in the Langley School District, having been opened in 1949.
Langley Secondary offers programs for students in Grade 9 to 12 and has strong traditions in academics, fine arts and athletics. Langley Secondary has one partner school, the HD Stafford Middle School (grades 6, 7 and 8). Langley Secondary has over 1000 students and 80 staff members. In addition to regular provincially prescribed curriculum leading to graduation, the school has unique academic programs including AVID and Advanced Placement. The school offers a Fine Arts Intensive Program, sports academies, an alternate academic program (Focus), and BCIT's Piping and Plumbing Program which provides post secondary credit to high school students. The school has well-equipped labs and shops and strong connections with trades and academic programs at the local University Colleges.  In addition to two gymnasiums, a combatant's room and a fully equipped weight room, the athletics program has full access to adjacent fields, a stadium, a track and a lacrosse box.
Dravidian architecture or the South Indian temple style is an architectural idiom in Hindu temple architecture that emerged in the southern part of the Indian subcontinent or South India and in Sri Lanka, reaching its final form by the sixteenth century. It is seen in Hindu temples, and the most distinctive difference from north Indian styles is the use of a shorter and more pyramidal tower over the garbhagriha or sanctuary called a vimana, where the north has taller towers, usually bending inwards as they rise, called shikharas.  However, for modern visitors to larger temples the dominating feature is the high gopura or gatehouse at the edge of the compound; large temples have several, dwarfing the vimana; these are a much more recent development. There are numerous other distinct features such as the dwarapalakas - twin guardians at the main entrance and the inner sanctum of the temple and goshtams - deities carved in niches on the outer side walls of the garbhagriha.
Mentioned as one of three styles of temple building in the ancient book Vastu shastra, the majority of the existing structures are located in the Southern Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, some parts of Maharashtra, Odisha and Sri Lanka. Various kingdoms and empires such as the Satavahanas, the Cholas, the Chera, the Kakatiyas, the Reddis, the Pandyas, the Pallavas, the Gangas, the Kadambas, the Rashtrakutas, the Chalukyas, the Hoysalas, and Vijayanagara Empire among others have made substantial contribution to the evolution of the Dravida architecture.
"This Is It" is a 1976 disco song written by Van McCoy, and performed by American singer and actress Melba Moore for her fifth album of the same name.
Voronezhsky Uyezd (Воронежский уезд) was one of the subdivisions of the Voronezh Governorate of the Russian Empire. It was situated in the northern part of the governorate. Its administrative centre was Voronezh.
Andrew Payne (born 15 August 1977) is a Barbadian judoka. He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Carl Mellors (born 16 March 1965) is a South African cricketer. He played in one first-class and one List A match for Boland in 1988/89 and 1989/90.
Owen Pinnell (born 6 January 1947) is a New Zealand bobsledder. He competed in the two man event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
A court of cassation is a high-instance court that exists in some judicial systems.  Courts of cassation do not re-examine the facts of a case, they only interpret the relevant law. In this they are appellate courts of the highest instance. In this way they differ from systems which have a supreme court which can rule on both the facts of a case and the relevant law. The term derives from the Latin cassare, "to reverse or overturn".
The European Court of Justice answers questions of European Union law following a referral from a court of a member state. In exercising this function it is not a court of cassation: it issues binding advice to the national courts on how EU law ought to be interpreted, it does not overturn decisions of those courts. However, the Court of Justice can act as a court of cassation when it hears appeals from the General Court of the European Union.
Many common-law supreme courts, like the United States Supreme Court, use a similar system, whereby the court vacates the decision of the lower court and remands the case for retrial in a lower court compatibly with the decision of the supreme court. Where the system differs is that in legal systems such as the American federal courts, mid-tier appeals courts (courts of appeals) generally also remand cases to first-instance courts, unlike in, for instance, the French legal system where courts of appeal hear cases on the facts and law. In this sense, a petition for a writ of certiorari is akin to a pourvoi en cassation.
The Continental Automated Buildings Association (CABA) is an international, not-for-profit, industry organization that promotes  intelligent home and intelligent building technologies.
The organization is supported by an international membership of 380 organizations and over 27,000 industry professionals involved in the design, manufacture, installation and retailing of products relating to home automation and building automation.  Public organizations, including utilities and government are also members.
CABA's mission is to enable organizations and individuals to make informed decisions about the integration of technology, ecosystems and connected lifestyles in homes and buildings. Its goal is to bring together a community of experts that evaluates and conveys trends and best practices advancing applications, technology and integrated systems.
The organization was founded in 1988 as the Canadian Automated Buildings Association. The founding members included Bell Canada, Bell-Northern Research, Ontario Hydro, Hydro-Québec, Consumers Gas, Canadian Home Builders' Association, the Electrical and Electronic Manufacturers Association of Canada, Industry Canada, Minto Developments Inc. and the National Research Council of Canada.In 2006, CABA acquired the Internet Home Alliance, an association of technology companies committed to research and development within the intelligent home sector. In 2010, CABA's collaborative research evolved and expanded into the CABA Research Program, which is directed by the CABA Board of Directors.  The CABA Research Program's scope now includes market research for both large building technologies and home systems.
Bob Cupp (December 27, 1939 – August 19, 2016) was an American golf course designer. He designed many golf courses internationally, especially in the United States. He was the president of the American Society of Golf Course Architects in 2012–13.
North Shore Scenic Drive (Congdon Boulevard) serves as a main route in the community; and is a gateway to the North Shore of Lake Superior.
The North Shore neighborhood is situated between 67th Avenue East and 96th Avenue East. The neighborhood stretches from Brighton Beach (Kitchi Gammi); following both Congdon Boulevard (County 61 / Scenic 61) and the Minnesota 61 Expressway (MN 61).
Jatidiri Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Semarang, Indonesia.  It is currently used mostly for football matches and is home stadium of PSIS Semarang. The stadium holds 25,000 people.
Bullia tranquebarica, common name the lined bullia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
Yasmin Zarine Shahmir (born Yasmin Perry; 21 December 1988), who performs under the mononym Yasmin, is an English singer, songwriter and DJ. She is signed to record label Levels Entertainment, an imprint of Ministry of Sound and began her singing career in October 2010 when she appeared on rapper Devlin's single "Runaway". Her debut single, "On My Own", was released on 30 January 2011.
The Society for Marine Mammalogy was founded in 1981 and is the largest international association of marine mammal scientists in the world.
Anokha Rishta is a 1986 Hindi film, directed by prominent Malayalam director I.V. Sasi, written by Rahi Masoom Raza, and starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead, supported by Smita Patil, Sabeeha, Tanuja, Shafi Inamdar, Satish Shah and Karan Shah. A remake of the director's own 1984 Malayalam film Kanamarayathu starring Mammootty, the story revolves around three characters played by Rajesh Khanna, Smita Patil and Sabeeha. The original film was written by prominent Malayalam writer P. Padmarajan and was loosely based on Jean Webster's 1919 novel Daddy-Long-Legs.  Anokha Rishta was the debut of Sabeeha, the daughter of yesteryear actress Ameeta.
Saint-Symphorien-le-Château (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ sɛ̃fɔʁjɛ̃ lə ʃɑto]) is a former commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France. In January 2012 it merged with Bleury into the new commune Bleury-Saint-Symphorien, which was merged into Auneau-Bleury-Saint-Symphorien on 1 January 2016.
Repczyce [rɛpˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczele, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
Hagano was a petty nobleman (mediocris) who achieved influence in Lotharingia and West Francia during the rule of Charles the Simple (898–922). He was a relative of Charles' first wife, Frederuna, and was originally from Lotharingia. Though Frederuna had died in 917, by 918 Hagano had become the king's favourite and his most trusted advisor. The aristocracy despised him, however, and the authority of Charles over the nobles was severely weakened by Hagano's presence at court. Charles' sin appears to be transferring grants in benefice, especially of monasteries, from his barons to Hagano.In 919, the West Frankish barons refused to assist the king in repelling a Magyar invasion. One of the leading Lotharingian barons, Gilbert, threw his support behind Henry the Fowler, the German king, and, according to Flodoard, was elected "prince" (princeps) by the Lotharingian aristocracy. Flodoard also records that Robert of Neustria made a treaty with the Vikings without royal permission. When, in 922, Charles granted Hagano Chelles, at that time already held by Rothilde, a daughter of Charles the Bald, the barons of West Francia revolted and made Robert king in Charles' place. 
French historian Charles Bémont edited a document (#5 in manuscript 9016 of the Bibliothèque nationale de France) for the pièces justificatives of his biography of Simon de Montfort in which a baron reminds Henry III of England of what happened to "Charles l'Assoté" when he listened too closely to unpopular advisors.
Sarah Crilly (born 17 October 1991) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Scottish Women's Premier League (SWPL) club Motherwell, typically as a winger. Crilly has four caps and two goals for the Scotland women's national football team.
Anne Coffin Hanson (December 12, 1921 – September 3, 2004) was an American art historian. She was the first female to be hired as a fully tenured professor, serve as president of the College Art Association, and department chair at Yale University.
Nitratireductor indicus is a Gram-negative, oxidase- and catalase-positive mobile bacteria from the genus of Nitratireductor which was isolated from deep-sea water of the Indian Ocean.
Liulin (Chinese: 柳林镇; pinyin: liǔlín zhèn) is situated adjacent to the major Tibetan Geluk Jonê Monastery, on the northern bank of the Lu-chu river in Jonê County, Gannan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Gansu Province, China, at an altitude of about 2,610 m (8,563 ft).It is fairly large in size at 374 km2. and is the administrative centre for Jonê County and the population, nowadays, is predominantly Chinese. In 1923, however, the town had: "approximately four hundred Tibetan families and had changed very little since its founding six centuries before."Today on main street can be found the Chone Printing Press, the Bank of Industry and Commerce, the Xinhua Bookstore, the People's Bank, the Commercial Guesthouse and number of government administrative buildings, including the police station.
A model spectrum is an artificial spectrum of a star made by recreating the absorption or emission features seen in the spectrum. A model spectrum will usually be of a specific spectral type of star. It may include other properties of the star, such as a surrounding nebula, presence or lack of an extended atmosphere, or a circumstellar dust disc.
The M Countdown Chart is a record chart on the South Korean Mnet television music program M Countdown. Every week, the show awards the best-performing single on the chart in the country during its live broadcast.
In 2013, 30 singles ranked number one on the chart and 24 music acts were awarded first-place trophies. Eight songs collected trophies for three weeks and achieved a triple crown: "Caffeine" by Yang Yo-seob, "I Got a Boy" by Girls' Generation, "Gone Not Around Any Longer" by Sistar19, "Dream Girl" by Shinee, "Gentleman" by Psy, "This Love" by Shinhwa, "Give It to Me" by Sistar, and "Growl" by Exo. Of all releases for the year, only one song earned a perfect score of 10,000 points: "I Got a Boy" by Girls' Generation.
David Andrews (born 5 February 1966), known professionally as David McSavage, is an Irish stand-up comedian, comedy writer and street performer, known for his television show "The Savage Eye".
Gerald Westerby, or Jerry Westerby, is a fictional character created by John le Carré, and is the titular figure in The Honourable Schoolboy.
Westerby, former cricketer and sports journalist, is an "Occasional" asset of British intelligence ("the Circus"). Initially recruited by George Smiley, he was recalled from his Italian idyll and despatched to Hong Kong.
A conciliation cross was a stone cross, which was set up in a place where a murder or accident had happened. These memorial crosses are mostly in central and western Europe.
Kalinovka (Russian: Кали́новка) is a rural locality (a selo) in Khomutovsky District of Kursk Oblast, Russia, located about 11 kilometers (6.8 mi) east of the border with Ukraine and only 3 kilometers (1.9 mi) from the M3 highway. Kalinovka is the birthplace of Nikita Khrushchev.
Shō Shitatsu (尚 思達, 1408–1449) was king of Ryukyu Kingdom who ruled from 1444 to 1449. Shō Shitatsu was the eldest son of king Shō Chū.
He died in 1449 without an heir and his uncle Shō Kinpuku was installed as the king.
The 2017–18 Coppa Italia, also known as TIM Cup for sponsorship reasons, was the 71st edition of the national cup in Italian football.
As a minimum, the winners of the Coppa Italia earn a place in the 2018–19 Europa League and would begin play in the group stage unless they qualify for a more favourable UEFA placing based on league play. Seventy-eight clubs participated in this season's cup competition.Juventus won the championship for the 13th time by defeating Milan 4–0, and extended their record consecutive win streak to four.  They had previously defeated Lazio (in 2014–15 and 2016–17) and Milan (in 2015–16).  They did not concede a goal in any of the five games played in this year's competition, outscoring their opponents 10–0 on aggregate.
Gagea pauciflora is an Asian  species of plants in the lily family. It is native to Mongolia, Russia (Primorye, Amur Oblast, Zabaykalsky Krai, Yakutia, Krasnoyarsk, Irkutsk, Altay Krai, Buryatia), and China (Gansu, Hebei, Heilongjiang, Inner Mongolia, Qinghai, Shaanxi, Tibet).Gagea pauciflora is a bulb-forming perennial up to 30 cm tall. Flowers yellowish-green.
The specific epithet pauciflora, refers to the Latin term for 'few flowered'.
Muhammad Shoaib (Urdu: محمد شعیب) (1907 – 13 May 1976) was the Finance Minister of Pakistan for eight years (15 November 1958 – 8 June 1962 and 15 December 1962 – 23 March 1965) during General Ayub Khan's regime.
This is a list of destinations that Caribair currently serves (As of May 2009.)
Svend Bille (15 July 1888 – 3 April 1973) was a Danish stage and film actor.
Jaques is an unincorporated community in Brown County, Illinois, United States. Jaques is south of Mount Sterling and is near Illinois Route 107.
Constantine Loukites was a Byzantine poet of Chaldian origin and court official of the Empire of Trebizond in the early 14th century. He served as protonotarios and protovestiarios for Emperor Alexios II, which made him effectively Alexios' prime minister.
Antonio de Valdivieso (died 26 Feb 1549) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Nicaragua (1544–1549).
Xu Caihou (Chinese: 徐才厚; June 1943 – March 15, 2015) was a Chinese general in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) and vice-chairman of the Central Military Commission (CMC), the country's top military council. As Vice-chairman of the CMC, he was one of the top ranking officers of the People's Liberation Army. He also held a seat on the 25-member Politburo of the Communist Party of China between 2007 and 2012.Born to a working-class family in Liaoning province, Xu spent much of his earlier career in northeastern China. He moved to Beijing in 1990 to become political commissar of the 16th Group Army, later serving as editor of the PLA's flagship newspaper, the PLA Daily. In 1996 Xu became political commissar of the Jinan Military Region.  He became vice-chairman of the CMC in September 2004. He retired from office in March 2013.
Xu was detained and put under investigation on suspicion of bribery in March 2014, in one of the highest profile corruption investigations in PLA history, and was expelled from the Communist Party in June 2014.  Xu allegedly accumulated massive wealth by routinely demanding large bribes for the promotion of officers under him during his time as vice-chairman of the CMC. Xu was undergoing legal proceedings and facing a court martial but charges were dropped after he died of bladder cancer in March 2015.
The 1924–25 season was the 30th season of competitive football by Southampton, and the club's third in the Second Division of the Football League. Following the 1923–24 season, in which the club finished just three points shy of the First Division promotion places in fifth place, the Saints dropped two positions to finish seventh in the league. As with the last season, Southampton began their Second Division campaign poorly and found themselves at the bottom of the table after two losses in their first three games. The side continued to struggle to pick up wins, but steadily began making their way up the table over the next few months. A number of wins over the Christmas period and an eight-game unbeaten run at the end of the season helped Southampton finish in seventh place with 13 wins, 18 draws and 11 losses.
In the 1924–25 FA Cup, Southampton beat Third Division South sides Exeter City and Brighton & Hove Albion in the first and second rounds, respectively, followed by Second Division rivals Bradford City in the third. They then edged past four-time First Division champions Liverpool with a 1–0 win in the fourth round, before being eliminated by Sheffield United, another top-flight side, in the semi-final. United went on to win the tournament, beating Cardiff City in the final at Wembley Stadium. The club ended the season with two games against local rivals Portsmouth, for the Rowland Hospital Cup and the Hampshire Benevolent Cup, respectively. The former ended in a draw and the latter was won by Pompey. In their two friendly games of the season, the Saints drew 1–1 with Plymouth Argyle in November and March.
Southampton used 22 different players during the 1924–25 season and had eight different goalscorers. The club's top scorers were centre-forward Bill Rawlings and inside-right Arthur Dominy, both of whom scored 16 goals in all competitions (Rawlings was the top scorer in the league with 14 goals). Nine new players were signed by the club during the campaign, while six were sold to other clubs and one was loaned out for the season. The average attendance at The Dell during the 1924–25 season was 8,939. The highest attendance was 21,501 against Liverpool in the fourth round of the FA Cup; the lowest was around 4,000 against Blackpool on 1 November 1924. The season was the club's last to feature manager Jimmy McIntyre, who left in December 1924; the Southampton board subsequently took over the role.
After serving with the Peace Corps in Togo in 1982–1983, George Packer wrote The Village of Waiting about his experiences there.  The book chronicles Packer's time as an English teacher in the small village of Lavie (meaning "wait a little longer"), as well as his visits to the capital Lomé and several other African countries.  Packer mixes anecdotes about the people he met in Togo with political observations (notably harsh criticisms of Togolese President Gnassingbe Eyadema) and many of the lessons he learned while serving.  In an afterword to the most recent (2001) edition, Packer follows up with many of the characters from the original version and reflects upon the changes Togo has experienced since his time there. Packer was an early termination from the Peace Corps, leaving Togo six months prior to the end of his contracted period of service. He chose not to mention this in the book.
Shinhan Bank Co., Ltd. (Korean: 주식회사 신한은행; RR: Jusik Hoesa Sinhan Eunhaeng) is a bank headquartered in Seoul, South Korea. Historically it was the first bank in Korea, established under the name Hanseong Bank in 1897. The bank was reestablished in 1982. It is part of the Shinhan Financial Group, along with Jeju Bank. Chohung Bank merged with Shinhan Bank on April 1, 2006.
Shinhan Bank started as a small enterprise with a capital stock of KRW 25.0 billion, 279 employees, and three branches on July 7, 1982. Today, it has transformed itself into a large bank, boasting total assets of KRW 176.9 trillion, equity capital of KRW 9.7 trillion, 10,741 employees, and 1,026 branches as of 2006. As of June 30, 2016, Shinhan Bank had total assets of ₩298.945 trillion (equivalent to ₩304.658 trillion or US$269.507 billion in 2017) , total deposits of ₩221.047 trillion (equivalent to ₩225.271 trillion or US$199.28 billion in 2017) and loans of ₩212.228 trillion (equivalent to ₩216.283 trillion or US$191.329 billion in 2017). Shinhan Bank is the main subsidiary of Shinhan Financial Group (SFG).
Rice Evan Graves, Jr. (June 23, 1838 – September 20, 1863) was an artillery officer in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He was killed in the Battle of Chickamauga.
The Gambler (German: Der Spieler) is a 1938 German drama film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Eugen Klöpfer, Lída Baarová, and Hedwig Bleibtreu. It is based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's 1866 novel The Gambler. Due to the scandal over Baarová's affair with Joseph Goebbels, followed by her return to Czechoslovakia, the film was withdrawn from cinemas three days after its release. It was not given a release again until 1950. A similar fate had befallen another film of hers A Prussian Love Story.The film's sets were designed by the art directors Robert Herlth and Heinrich Weidemann.
A separate French-language version Le Joueur (1938) was also released, with Pierre Blanchar and Viviane Romance.
Muni is the wife of Kashyapa, one of the 62 daughters of Daksha and his wife Panchajani. (Daughter of Virani) She is called the mother of Apsaras, who "dances in the court" of Devraj, Indra. 
The Bhagavata Purana states that the Apsaras were born from Kashyap and Muni.
Goosepen Run is a stream in the U.S. state of West Virginia.Goosepen Run was so named on account of the flocks of wild birds which flew over the area.
Yang Rui (simplified Chinese: 杨锐; traditional Chinese: 楊銳; pinyin: Yáng Ruì, born 2 May 1963) is a Chinese journalist, who formerly hosted the Dialogue talk show on CGTN.In addition to academics and China experts, Yang interviews a wide variety of opinion makers including prominent politicians, diplomats and business people.
Yang is known for his aggressive and impolite approach to interviewing, giving a negative impression to foreigners. He is also notorious for his personal attacks on other people and journalists.In May 2020, after six months off-air, Yang left CGTN to join TMTPOST, a Chinese news website.
Johannes Browallius (30 August 1707 – 25 July 1755), also called John Browall, was a Finnish and Swedish Lutheran theologian, physicist, botanist and at one time  friend of Swedish taxonomist Carl Linnaeus.
The Henry VIII Novices' Chase is a Grade 1 National Hunt steeplechase in Great Britain which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Sandown Park over a distance of about 2 miles (1 mile 7 furlongs and 119 yards, or 3,126 metres), and during its running there are thirteen fences to be jumped. The race is for novice chasers, and it is scheduled to take place each year in early December.
The event is named after Henry VIII, who commandeered Esher (the location of Sandown Park) as a royal hunting ground in the sixteenth century. In its analysis of the 2007 running, the Racing Post described the Henry VIII Novices' Chase as: "A race that has a very high standing in the calendar thanks to the exploits of past winners and subsequent Grade 1 stars like Direct Route, Decoupage, Fondmort, Impek, Thisthatandtother, Contraband and Racing Demon." It was raised to Grade 1 status in 2011 having previously been contested at Grade 2 level.
That's Manchester is a local television station serving Greater Manchester. It is owned and operated by That's TV and broadcasts on Freeview channel 7 from studios at The Flint Glass Works in the Ancoats suburb of Manchester.
Minnesota State Highway 19 (MN 19) is a 207.877-mile-long (334.546 km) highway in southwest and southeast Minnesota, which runs from South Dakota Highway 30 at the South Dakota state line near Ivanhoe and continues east to its eastern terminus at its intersection with U.S. Highway 61 in Red Wing.
The route essentially crosses the state of Minnesota, ending at Red Wing, about five miles (8 km) west of the bridge to Wisconsin.
"The Best Things in Life Are Free" is a popular song written by the songwriting team of Buddy DeSylva and Lew Brown (lyrics) and Ray Henderson (music) for the 1927 musical Good News. It enjoyed a revival during the period from 1947 to 1950, when it was covered by many artists.
Lazarus A.D. is an American thrash/groove metal band from Kenosha, Wisconsin, originally formed as "Lazarus" in 2005. The "A.D." was added to avoid potential legal issues. They released two studio albums in their career, The Onslaught (2007) and Black Rivers Flow (2011), and despite having never announced an official hiatus or disbandment, the band has been mostly inactive since drummer Ryan Shutler's death in 2015.
The 2019 season of the Indian Premier League, also known as IPL 12, was the twelfth season of the IPL, a professional Twenty20 cricket league established by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) in 2007. At one point other countries were considered to host the tournament, due to the Indian general elections but eventually the tournament was played entirely in India with the season commencing on 23 March. The tagline was Game banayega Name!(Only game will make name!)India's opening match at the 2019 Cricket World Cup was postponed from 2 to 5 June as the BCCI were directed to maintain a mandatory 15-day gap between the conclusion of IPL and India's subsequent international fixture as per Lodha Committee's recommendation.Delhi Daredevils were renamed as the Delhi Capitals, the franchise announced on 4 December 2018, and also released a new logo. Chennai Super Kings were the defending champions who won third title .Mumbai Indians defeated the Chennai Super Kings by 1 run to win the final for their fourth title. David Warner won the Orange Cap for the leading run-scorer of the tournament with 692 runs. Imran Tahir, of Chennai Super Kings, was awarded the Purple Cap for finishing as the leading wicket-taker of the tournament with 26 wickets. Andre Russell of Kolkata Knight Riders was named the Most Valuable Player, and Shubman Gill also of Kolkata Knight Riders was named the Emerging Player of the Tournament.
Edward Everard Goodwyn (September 26, 1874 – April 29, 1961) (nicknamed "E.E.") was a Southside Virginia militia leader and real estate and insurance executive who served as a Democratic short-term member of the Virginia Senate representing his native Greensville, Suffolk and Surry Counties.  Goodwyn was appointed to the unexpired term of state senator Garland Gray when Gray announced his resignation citing family business obligations. Two years later, Goodwyn announced his retirement, Gray entered the race and was again elected to his former seat.
The Company You Keep is a 2012 American political thriller film produced, directed by and starring Robert Redford. The script was written by Lem Dobbs based on the 2003 novel of the same name by Neil Gordon. The film was produced by Nicolas Chartier (Voltage Pictures), Redford and Bill Holderman.
The story centers on recent widower and single father Jim Grant, a former Weather Underground anti-Vietnam War militant wanted for a bank robbery and murder. Grant has hidden from the FBI for over 30 years, as an attorney in Albany, New York. He becomes a fugitive when his true identity is exposed by Ben Shepard, an aggressive young reporter. Grant must find his ex-lover, Mimi, the one person who can clear his name, before the FBI catches him. Otherwise, he will lose everything, including his 11-year-old daughter Isabel. While Ben struggles with ethical issues as a journalist, Jim and his old friends from the Weather Underground must live with the consequences of their radical past.
After film festival screenings in September 2012, the film's first theatrical release was in Italy in December 2012. A U.S. limited release began in April 2013, followed by wider release later in the month and releases in various foreign markets through December 2013. The film received a mixed reception from the critics in the U.S. but a generally favorable one abroad. It grossed $5.1 million in the U.S. and Canada, with foreign sales reaching $14.5 million.
"Stop This Flame" is a song by British singer and songwriter Celeste. The single was released on 9 January 2020 through Both Sides and Polydor Records as the second single from her debut studio album Not Your Muse. It was written by Celeste and Jamie Hartman, who produced the track with John Hill. The song samples Nina Simone's version of Sinnerman and Nina Simone is credited as a co-author.
The song was released following Celeste's win of BBC's annual music poll Sound of 2020. It became her first-ever solo single, and second single overall (since "Sing That Song" with Tieks), to chart in her home country, spending 8 weeks on the UK Singles Chart. From September 2020, it became the theme song for Sky Sports' weekend coverage (Saturday Night Football and Super Sunday) of the Premier League for the 2020-21 season. The song is also featured on the soundtrack of FIFA 21. The song also appears in the 2021 Peloton and Royal Mail TV adverts.
Hansholey is a town in the southeastern Middle Shabelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) province of Somalia. It is located in the Jowhar District.
Northern Bahr el Ghazal is a state in South Sudan. It has an area of 30,543 km² and is part of the Bahr el Ghazal region. It borders East Darfur in Sudan to the north, Western Bahr el Ghazal to the west and south, and Warrap and the disputed region of Abyei to the east. Aweil is the capital of the state.
Buckman Hall is a historic building located in Murphree Area on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville, Florida, United States. It was designed by architect William A. Edwards in the Collegiate Gothic style and opened in 1906 as one of the two original buildings on the University of Florida's Gainesville campus along with nearby Thomas Hall. It once was a multi-purpose facility but has been used exclusively as a student dormitory since the 1940s.
Buckman Hall was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on January 11, 1974.
Brigadier Ronald Henry Senior DSO, TD (3 July 1904 – 2 March 1988) was a British Army officer who served with distinction during the Second World War.
Saint Michaels, also known as St. Michaels, is a town in Talbot County, Maryland, United States. The population was 1,029 at the 2010 census. Saint Michaels derives its name from the Episcopal Parish established there in 1677. The church attracted settlers who engaged in tobacco growing and ship building.
Dodurga Dam is a dam in Sinop Province, Turkey, built between 1990 and 2000. The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Telex from Cuba is the 2008 debut novel of writer Rachel Kushner. The novel follows a group of anglo-expatriates living in Cuba during the Cuban revolution and was loosely based on Kushner's mother's experience growing up in Cuba on territory occupied by the United Fruit Company.
Kitty GYM was a temporary Japanese idol unit formed in 2006 to promote the 2006 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix. The group consisted of Tomohisa Yamashita of NEWS, Thai pop duo Golf & Mike, and members of the Johnny's Jr. group Kitty (Hiromitsu Kitayama, Kei Inoo, Shota Totsuka, and Hikaru Yaotome). The name of the group came from the first letters of the members surnames, and the Thai members pseudonyms.
On July 18, 2006, GYM (Golf, Yamashita, and Mike) held an event at the NHK Hall and performed "Fever to Future" for the first time. "Fever to Future" was used as the image song for Fuji Television's broadcast of the 2006 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix. They made their first appearance as a 7-member unit on August 19, 2006 at the Ariake Coliseum, where they performed "Fever to Future" to a crowd of 10,000 fans.The group released their only single, "Fever to Future", on August 30, 2006. It included a solo song by Tomohisa Yamashita and a duet by Golf & Mike. Released under the name "GYM", the single debuted atop the Oricon Singles Chart on the week ending September 11, 2006. In the same month of release, it was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan for shipments of 250,000 units. It went on to sell over 300,000 copies, making it the 25th best-selling single of the year in Japan. The single was released in Thailand on September 6, 2006, and in Taiwan on September 12, 2006.Since their disbandment, all members have gone on to have successful music careers. Kei Inoo and Hikaru Yaotome debuted as members of Hey! Say! JUMP in 2007, Golf & Mike disbanded in 2010 and became solo singers, Hiromitsu Kitayama debuted as a member of Kis-My-Ft2 in August 2011, Tomohisa Yamashita left NEWS in October 2011 to pursue a solo career, and Shota Totsuka debuted as a member of A.B.C-Z in 2012.
How to Get Rid of Your Wife (Arabic: كيف تتخلص من زوجتك, transliterated as “Kayf tatakhalas min zawjatik”) is an Egyptian romantic comedy film released in 1969. It was directed by Abdel Monem Shokry, features a script by Bahgat Kamar, and stars Hassan Youssef, Zubaida Tharwat, Hassan Mustafa, Mimi Gamal, Fathia Shaheen, and Nawal Hashem.
Pouteria subsessilifolia is a species of plant in the family Sapotaceae. It is endemic to Brazil.  It is threatened by habitat loss.
Vincent Enyeama (born 29 August 1982) is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. 
He is popularly regarded as one the greatest African Goalkeepers of all time and of his era.During his senior career, which spanned nearly 20 years, Enyeama played for Ibom Stars, Enyimba, Iwuanyanwu Nationale, Bnei Yehuda, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Lille and Maccabi Tel Aviv. He was also a member of the Nigeria national team from 2002 until October 2015, serving as its captain from 2013 until his retirement from international football in 2015. With 101 caps, he was Nigeria's most capped player until November 2021 when he was surpassed by Ahmed Musa.
Harry Melling (June 13, 1945 – May 29, 1999) was the team owner of Melling Racing, which won the 1988 NASCAR Winston Cup Series championship with Bill Elliott.
Wiedemannia iphigeniae is a species of dance flies, in the fly family Empididae.
Digswell House is a Grade II listed Mansion in Hertfordshire, erected c. 1805–07 by Samuel Wyatt for the  Honourable Edward Spencer Cowper, who lived there for some years. It was built in the parish of Digswell from which it takes its name, but was transferred to Welwyn Garden City in 1921. The house is now in the Knightsfield area of Welwyn Garden City.  The current house was erected a little eastward of the site on which its predecessor had stood and was built as a commodious country gentleman's home, in an architectural style that can best be described as neoclassical. A portico, with four massive Ionic columns, on the south front is its most impressive external feature.
101 Mile Lake is a small lake located near the town of 100 Mile House, British Columbia. Like the town, the lake is named because of its distance from Lillooet via the Old Cariboo Road.
"Go Away" is a song written by Stephony Smith, Cathy Majeski and Sunny Russ, and recorded by American country music artist Lorrie Morgan.  It was released in July 1997 as the first single from her album Shakin' Things Up.  The song reached #3 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in October 1997.
The Sri Damansara Sentral MRT station (Working name: Sri Damansara East) is a mass rapid transit (MRT) station under construction that will serve the suburb of Bandar Sri Damansara in Selangor and Bandar Menjalara in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. It is one of the stations being built as part of the Klang Valley Mass Rapid Transit (KVMRT) project on the Sungai Buloh-Serdang-Putrajaya Line. The station is located in the Bandar Sri Damansara industrial area.
Wakaw Lake (2016 population: 72) is a resort village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 15. It is on the shores of Wakaw Lake in the Rural Municipality of Hoodoo No. 401. It is on Highway 41 approximately 86 km (53 mi) northeast of Saskatoon and 63 km (39 mi) south of Prince Albert.
The Lausanne–Bercher line is a metre gauge railway line in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The line connects the city of Lausanne with Bercher via Echallens, and is 23.6 km (14.7 mi) long. It is owned and operated by the Chemin de fer Lausanne-Échallens-Bercher (LEB).
Józef Pawlusiak (born 16 September 1956) is a Polish skier. He competed in the Nordic combined event at the 1980 Winter Olympics.
Duck Dodgers in the 24+1/2th Century (spoken as "twenty-fourth-and-a-half") is a 1953 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Chuck Jones. The cartoon was released on July 25, 1953, and stars Daffy Duck as space hero Duck Dodgers, Porky Pig as his assistant, and Marvin the Martian as his opponent. This cartoon marked the first of many appearances of the Duck Dodgers character.
Marvin the Martian had been introduced as an unnamed villain in Warner's cartoon Haredevil Hare (1948), playing opposite Bugs Bunny (Marvin wouldn't receive his proper name until 1979). He was later given the title 'Commander, Flying Saucer X-2' in 1952's The Hasty Hare. The Duck Dodgers cartoon is an extended parody of the pulp magazine, newspaper comic strip, and comic book character Buck Rogers, and his longtime run of space adventures, Buck Rogers in the 25th Century.
In 1994, Duck Dodgers was voted #4 of the 50 Greatest Cartoons of all time by members of the animation field. Because he was such a fan of the short in particular, Star Wars creator George Lucas requested that the short be shown before the original Star Wars film during its initial run in theaters. In 2004 at the 62nd World Science Fiction Convention, it was retrospectively nominated for a Retro Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation—Short Form.
Jan Fransz (24 May 1937 – 18 December 2021) was a Dutch professional football player and coach.
Bedford Courthouse Square Historic District is a national historic district located at Bedford, Lawrence County, Indiana.  The district encompasses 64 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site, and 1 contributing object in the central business district of Bedford.  It developed between about 1850 and 1945, and includes examples of Italianate, Romanesque Revival, and Neoclassical style architecture.  Notable contributing resources include the Soldiers', Sailors' and Pioneers Monument (1923); Michael A. Malott House (c. 1850); Moses Fell Building (c. 1895); Stone City Bank Building (c. 1895); Dunn Memorial Masonic Temple (1918); Lawrence County Courthouse (1930); Bedford Fire Department Building (c. 1924); Citizens' Bank Building (1926); Elks Club (1916); Hamer Building (c. 1910); and Bedford Municipal Garage (1937).It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
Epermenia turicola is a moth in the family Epermeniidae. It was described by Reinhard Gaedike in 2013. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.
Trill OG is the third solo studio album by UGK member Bun B. It is the third album in his Trill series. The album was released under Universal Music Group after Bun B left Warner Music Group's Asylum Records. The album was released August 3, 2010 on Rap-a-Lot Records and Fontana Distribution. On August 4, 2010, The Source magazine gave Trill OG its rare 5 mic rating.
The 2018 Moscow Oblast gubernatorial election was held on 9 September 2018, on common election day. To be elected, a candidate must get more than 50% of votes. If no one had achieved 50%, a runoff would've been held 14 days later. Only the two most successful candidates from the first round would've been able to participate in the second round.
Andrey Vorobyov, the incumbent governor, was re-elected for a new term.
Ernest Rude (23 January 1871 – 18 March 1948) was a Norwegian photographer. He was born in Drammen as a son of photographer Christoffer Gade Rude (1839–1901) and his wife Andrea Elise Geelmuyden (1839–1920). He was an uncle of Finn Støren.He started his career in his father's company, and from 1907 to 1910 he ran a company together with Frederik Hilfling-Rasmussen. He continued to run this company until his death in March 1948 in Oslo, from 1943 with Andreas Thorsrud who took it over. As a photographer Rude was best known for portrait photography. He chaired the Norwegian Association of Professional Photographers from 1912 to 1927 and became an honorary member in 1946. He was also an honorary member of the Swedish and Danish associations, and was appointed a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1925.
Les Arts Florissants is a Baroque musical ensemble in residence at the Théâtre de Caen in Caen, France. The organization was founded by conductor William Christie in 1979. The ensemble derives its name from the 1685 opera Les Arts florissants by Marc-Antoine Charpentier. The organization consists of a chamber orchestra of period instruments and a small vocal ensemble. Current notable members include soprano Danielle de Niese and tenor Paul Agnew, who has served as assistant conductor since 2007. Jonathan Cohen is also on the conducting staff; Christie remains the organization's Artistic Director. 
The Sound of One Hand Clapping is a 1997 novel by Australian author Richard Flanagan. The title is adapted from the famous Zen kōan of Hakuin Ekaku. The Sound of One Hand Clapping was Flanagan's second novel.
Manila Kingpin: The Untold Story of Asiong Salonga  is a 2011 Filipino biographical-crime film directed by Tikoy Aguiluz and Darryl "Gary" dela Cruz and starring Jeorge "E.R." Estregan in the title role, alongside Carla Abellana, Phillip Salvador, John Regala, Ronnie Lazaro, Baron Geisler, Joko Diaz, Archie Adamos, Yul Servo, Dennis Padilla, and Ketchup Eusebio. Produced by Scenema Concept International, it was released by Viva Films as an entry to the 37th Metro Manila Film Festival, where it won 11 awards, including for Best Picture, Best Director (dela Cruz), and Best Actor (Estregan).Aguiluz disowned the film before release after the film was reedited by the producers without his permission.
His career in 1974 at the Record Plant Studios NYC, working with John Lennon. Later, he became a staff engineer at the Record Plant, and later at The Hit Factory.
Panunzio worked often with Jimmy Iovine, making several records together. Panunzio also worked with Andrew Loog Oldham on The Rolling Stones' Metamorphosis in 1975, and later that year worked with Bruce Springsteen on Born to Run. In 1978, he worked with Patti Smith on Easter, while simultaneously working again with Springsteen on Darkness on the Edge of Town. Panunzio has also produced, engineered and mixed artists including Bob Dylan, U2, Stevie Nicks, Black Sabbath, Ozzy Osbourne, Motörhead, Deep Purple, Aerosmith, The Who, Iggy Pop, Joan Jett, David Bowie, Tom Petty, and Paul Butterfield, among others. Panunzio's experience also includes the making of motion picture soundtracks, such as Road House and Rattle & Hum. Panunzio also worked as the live musical producer for the Farmclub.com series.
Panunzio helped design The Hit Factory studios for the Germano family in New York, as well as A&M Studios (now Henson Recording Studios) in Los Angeles. Later, he helped design the Interscope/ Geffen/ A&M studios where he also created The Thom Thom Club.
In 2003, Panunzio joined Universal Music Group as Executive Senior VP, and Head of A&R for Geffen Records, where he oversaw the careers of Nelly Furtado, Weezer, The Pussycat Dolls, Rise Against and others on the Interscope/Geffen/A&M roster. He also served as the musical producer for all the live music on season 10 of American Idol.
Home is the debut studio album by the American alternative rock band Blessid Union of Souls.  It was released on March 21, 1995 on the EMI label. The album contains their biggest hit single, "I Believe", which reached #8 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Tolkien's monsters are the evil beings, such as Orcs, Trolls, and giant spiders, who oppose and sometimes fight the protagonists in J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth legendarium. 
Tolkien was an expert on Old English, especially Beowulf, and several of his monsters share aspects of the Beowulf monsters; his Trolls have been likened to Grendel, the Orcs' name harks back to the poem's orcneas, and the dragon Smaug has multiple attributes of the Beowulf Dragon.
The European medieval tradition of monsters makes them either humanoid but distorted, or like wild beasts, but very large and malevolent; Tolkien follows both traditions, with monsters like Orcs of the first kind and Wargs of the second. Some scholars add Tolkien's immensely powerful Dark Lords Morgoth and Sauron to the list, as monstrous enemies in spirit as well as in body.
Scholars have noted that the monsters' evil nature reflects Tolkien's Roman Catholicism, a religion which has a clear conception of good and evil.
"La det swinge" (Norwegian pronunciation: [lɑː də ˈsvɪ̂ŋːə]; "Let it swing") is a Norwegian-language song by the pop duo Bobbysocks!. It was the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, Norway's first victory in the contest.
Heteropsis parvidens is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
Umanakaina, or Gwedena, is a Papuan language of New Guinea. It is a rather divergent member of the Dagan family.
Dyment Island is a small island lying 9 kilometres (5 nmi) southwest of the McKinzie Islands in the inner-central part of Cranton Bay, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–66, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Donald I. Dyment, a U.S. Navy cook at Byrd Station, 1967.
This is a list of listed buildings in the Stirling council area. The list is split out by parish.
The chestnut-crowned babbler (Pomatostomus ruficeps) is a medium-sized bird that is endemic to arid and semi-arid areas of south-eastern Australia. It is a member of the family Pomatostomidae, which comprises five species of Australo-Papuan babblers. All are boisterous and highly social, living in groups of up to 23 individuals that forage and breed communally. Other names include red-capped babbler, rufous-crowned babbler and chatterer.
Polythlipta conjunctalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Aristide Caradja in 1925. It is found in China.
The 1947–48 National Hurling League was the 17th season of the NHL, an annual hurling competition for the GAA county teams. Cork won the league, beating Tipperary by 3-3 to 1-2 in the final.
The Government of India Act 1919 (9 & 10 Geo. 5 c. 101) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was passed to expand participation of Indians in the government of India. The Act embodied the reforms recommended in the report of the Secretary of State for India, Edwin Montagu, and the Viceroy,  Chelmsford. The Act covered ten years, from 1919 to 1929. This Act represented the end of benevolent despotism (the act of authorities enhancing themselves) and began the genesis of responsible government in India. It was set to be reviewed by the Simon Commission in 10 years. 
The Act received royal assent on 23 December 1919. On the same day the King-Emperor issued a proclamation which reviewed the course of parliamentary legislation for India and the intent of the act: 
"The Acts of 1773 and 1784 were designed to establish a regular system of administration and justice under the East India Company. The Act of 1833 opened the door for Indians to public office and employment. The Act of 1858 transferred the administration from the Company to the Crown and laid the foundations of public life which exist in India today. The Act of 1861 sowed the seed of representative institutions, and the seed was quickened into life by the Act of 1909. The Act which has now become law entrusts the elected representative of the people with a definite share in the Government and points the way to full responsible Government hereafter".
The Act provided a dual form of government (a "diarchy") for the major provinces. In each such province, control of some areas of government, the "transferred list", were given to a Government of ministers answerable to the Provincial Council. The 'transferred list ' included agriculture, supervision of local government, health, and education. The Provincial Councils were enlarged.
At the same time, all other areas of government (the 'reserved list') remained under the control of the Viceroy. The 'reserved list' included defence (the military), foreign affairs, and communications.
The Imperial Legislative Council was enlarged and reformed. It became a bicameral legislature for all India. The lower house was the Legislative Assembly of 145 members, of which 104 were elected and 41 were nominated, with a tenure of three years. The upper house was the Council of State, consisting of 34 elected and 26 nominated members, with a  tenure of five years.Salient features of the Act were as follows: 
This Act had a separate Preamble which declared that the objective of the British Government was the gradual introduction of responsible government in India.
Diarchy was introduced at the Provincial Level.  Diarchy means a dual set of governments; one is accountable, the other is not accountable. Subjects of the provincial government were divided into two groups. One group was reserved, and the other group was transferred. The reserved subjects were controlled by the British Governor of the province; the transferred subjects were given to the Indian ministers of the province.
The Government of India Act of 1919, made a provision for classification of the central and provincial subjects. The Act kept the Income Tax as a source of revenue to the Central Government. However, for Bengal and Bombay, to meet their objections, a provision to assign them 25% of the income tax was made.
No bill of the legislature could be deemed to have been passed unless assented to by the Viceroy. The latter could, however, enact a bill without the assent of the legislature.
This Act made the central legislature bicameral. The lower house was the Legislative Assembly, with 145 members serving three-year terms (the model for today's Lok Sabha); the upper house was the Council of States with 60 members serving five-year terms (the model for today's Rajya Sabha)
The Act provided for the establishment of a Public Service Commission in India for the first time.
This act also made a provision that a statutory commission would be set up at the end of 10 years after the act was passed which shall inquire into the working system of the government. The Simon commission of 1927 was an outcome of this provision.
The communal representation was extended and Sikhs, Europeans and Anglo-Indians were included. The Franchise (Right of voting) was granted to the limited number of only those who paid a certain minimum "Tax" to the government.
The seats were distributed among the provinces not upon the basis of the population but upon the basis of their importance in the eyes of the government, on the basis of communities, and the property was one of the main basis to determine a franchisee. Those people who had property, taxable income & paid land revenue of Rs. 3000 were entitled to vote.
The financial powers of the central legislature were also very much limited. The budget was to be divided into two categories, votable and non-votable. The votable items covered only one-third of the total expenditure. Even in this sphere, the Governor-General was empowered to restore any grant refused or reduced by the legislature if in his opinion the demand was essential for the discharge of his responsibilities. Thus the Government of India Act provided for partial transfer of power to the electorate through the system of diarchy. It also prepared the ground for Indian federalism, as it identified the provinces as units of fiscal and general administration.The Indian National Congress rejected the Act, however some leaders such as Annie Besant, G. S. Khaparde, Bipin Chandra Pal, Surendranath Banerjee, and Tej Bahadur Sapru accepted the Act and were ready to cooperate with the government. They left the Congress. Surendranath Banerjee and Tej Bahadur Sapru formed Indian Liberal Federation and were normally referred as "Liberals". Madan Mohan Malaviya supported the reforms and Muhammad Ali Jinnah resigned from Indian National Congress.
Ideal is a play written by Ayn Rand. It follows Kay Gonda, a movie star suspected of murder, as she seeks support from various fans, most of whom disappoint her. Written in the 1930s, it was never produced or published during Rand's lifetime. Since her death it has since been published multiple times and produced twice, in 1989 and 2010.
Newport is a town in Columbia County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 681 at the 2000 census. The ghost town of Moe Settlement was located in the town.
The Virgin Islands Daily News is a daily newspaper in the United States Virgin Islands   headquartered on the island of Saint Thomas. In 1995 the newspaper became one of the smallest ever to win journalism's most prestigious award, the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service. The newspaper is published every day except Sunday. The paper maintains its main office on Saint Thomas and a smaller bureau on Saint Croix.
The Northern Wei  (), also known as the Tuoba Wei (拓跋魏), Later Wei (後魏), was a dynasty founded by the Tuoba (Tabgach) clan of the Xianbei, which ruled northern China from 386 to 534 AD (de jure until 535), during the period of the Northern and Southern dynasties. Described as "part of an era of political turbulence and intense social and cultural change", the Northern Wei dynasty is particularly noted for unifying northern China in 439 and strengthening imperial control over the rural landscape via reforms in 485. This was also a period of introduced foreign ideas, such as Buddhism, which became firmly established. The Northern Wei were referred to as "Plaited Barbarians" (索虜 suolu) by writers of the Southern dynasties, who considered themselves the true upholders of Chinese culture.During the Taihe period (477–499), Empress Dowager Feng and Emperor Xiaowen instituted sweeping reforms that deepened the dynasty's control over the local population in the Chinese hinterland. Emperor Xiaowen also introduced changes that eventually led to the dynasty moving its capital from Datong to Luoyang, in 494. The Tuoba adopted the surname Yuan (元) as a part of systematic Sinicization. Towards the end of the dynasty there was significant internal dissension resulting in a split into Eastern Wei and Western Wei. While the rule of Tuoba ended in the mid-6th century CE, its important policies, in particular the political recentralization reforms under Empress Dowager Feng and ethnic integration under Emperor Xiaowen, had a long-lasting impact on later periods of Chinese history. 
Many antiques and art works, both Taoist art and Buddhist art, from this period have survived. It was the time of the construction of the Yungang Grottoes near Datong during the mid-to-late 5th century, and towards the latter part of the dynasty, the Longmen Caves outside the later capital city of Luoyang, in which more than 30,000 Buddhist images from the time of this dynasty have been found.
Robert Henry Dicke (; May 6, 1916 – March 4, 1997) was an American astronomer and physicist who made important contributions to the fields of astrophysics, atomic physics, cosmology and gravity. He was the Albert Einstein Professor in Science at Princeton University (1975–1984).
Rupert Alexander Baring, 4th Baron Revelstoke (8 February 1911 – 18 July 1994) was a British landowner and peer.
The 2020 New Mexico House of Representatives elections took place on November 3, 2020 as part of the biennial United States elections. All the seats in the New Mexico House of Representatives were up for election. The previous election was held in 2018.
Primary elections were held on June 3, alongside the 2020 New Mexico Democratic presidential primary.
Parastenolechia acclivis is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It is found in northern Vietnam.
Reinhard Lerch is an electrical engineer at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Erlangen, Bavaria. He was named a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2012 for his contributions to ultrasonic transducer technology and computer modeling of sensors and actuators.Lerch is currently the dean of the technical department of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg.
Procaccini is the name of a prominent family of artists from the Renaissance and Baroque periods, active mainly in Bologna and Milan, They include:
Ercole Procaccini the Elder (1520-after 1591), father of Camillo, Giulio Cesare, and Carlo Antonio
Carlo Antonio Procaccini (born 1555), son of Ercole the Older, father of Ercole the Younger
The earliest texts of William Shakespeare's works were published during the 16th and 17th centuries in quarto or folio format. Folios are large, tall volumes; quartos are smaller, roughly half the size. The publications of the latter are usually abbreviated to Q1, Q2, etc., where the letter stands for "quarto" and the number for the first, second, or third edition published.
Joan Chauvin Marsden (née Rattenbury) (1922 - January 26, 2001) was a Professor of Zoology, Chair of the Zoology Department at McGill University, President of the Canadian Society of Zoologists, and Director of the Bellairs Institute in Barbados.She studied the ecological, physiological, and neurobiological perspectives of the polychaete worm and (co-)authored more than 40 publications, at least 15 of which from her time at the Bellairs Institute.
The Centaurus was the final development of the Bristol Engine Company's series of sleeve valve radial aircraft engines. The Centaurus is an 18-cylinder, two-row design that eventually delivered over 3,000 hp (2,200 kW). The engine was introduced into service late in the Second World War and was one of the most powerful aircraft piston engines to see service. The Royal Navy Historic Flight operates a Hawker Sea Fury, powered by a Bristol Centaurus engine.
Uma gaita na bossa, also known as Nos caminhos da bossa, is a 1997 album by the Brazilian harmonica player Clayber de Souza. It is collection of the main hits of Bossa nova, Jazz and Blues, such as "Samba de uma nota só" and "Garota de Ipanema". However, all its songs were arranged as a fusion of Samba and Jazz, remembering the period Souza played as bass guitarist, in 1960s.
Arne Sortevik (born 12 March 1947 in Bergen) is a Norwegian politician representing the Progress Party. He is currently a representative of Hordaland in the Storting and was first elected in 2001. He will not seek reelection to the parliament in 2013.
Thukral and  Tagra are an artist duo composed of Jiten Thukral and Sumir Tagra. They work with a wide range of media including painting, sculpture, installations, interactive games, video, performance and design.
Over the years they have had numerous exhibitions at the sixth edition of the Asia Pacific Triennial, Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris Arken Museum in Denmark, Kunstmuseum in Bochum, Lyon Museum of Contemporary Art, and Mori Art Museum in Tokyo. In 2010 they held a solo show "Match Fixed" at the Ullens Centre of Contemporary Art in Beijing and in 2015 they were invited to mount a solo show Games People Play at the Dr. Bhau Daji Lad Museum in Mumbai.
Hawk Stadium is a baseball venue in Princess Anne, Maryland, United States.  It is home to the Maryland Eastern Shore Hawks baseball team of the NCAA Division I Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.  The venue has a capacity of 1,000 spectators. It is located behind the Hytche Athletic Center, the home of UMES basketball.The stadium has been renovated twice.  In 2008, the field was resodded, new wind screens and foul poles were added, and the dugouts and press box were repainted. In 2018 and 2019, sod was replaced, the outfield wall was rebuilt, and a new scoreboard was installed while the Hawks played both seasons at Arthur W. Perdue Stadium in Salisbury, Maryland. The Hawks 2020 season was also scheduled at Perdue Stadium "while renovations continue[d] at their on-campus facility." No 2021 season was played due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Borshchahivka is a river in Ukraine, flowing through the city of Kyiv and suburban Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion of Kyiv Oblast. It is a right tributary of the Irpin in the Dnieper basin.
Jiang Jing is a fictional character in Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature. Nicknamed "Divine Mathematician," he ranks 53rd among the 108 Stars of Destiny and 17th among the 72 Earthly Fiends.
The Shady Point School, located on the northeastern edge of the community of Shady Point in Le Flore County, Oklahoma, was built in 1936 as a Works Progress Administration project.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.It was built to a standard design of the Oklahoma State Department of Education, from its pattern book.It is a one-story 75 by 44 feet (23 m × 13 m) building built of cut and roughly coursed sandstone, with hipped roof.It was one of 48 buildings and 11 structures reviewed in a 1985 study of WPA works in southeastern Oklahoma, which led to almost all of them being listed on the National Register in 1988.
Steam Link is a hardware and software solution made by Valve Corporation for streaming Steam content from a personal computer or Steam Machine wirelessly to a mobile device or other monitor. Steam Link was originally released as a hardware device alongside the debut of Steam Machines in November 2015. Valve discontinued the Steam Link hardware device in November 2018, in favor of supporting its software-based Steam Link application for mobile devices and smart televisions, as well as providing Steam Link as a software package for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer.
Abu Hubayra Amin ad deen al-Basri (Urdu ابو ہبیرہ امین الدین البصری ) was Sufi of Chishti Order from Basra. He was disciple of Khwaja Sadid ad-Din Huzaifa al-Marashi and teacher of Khwaja Mumshad Uluw Al Dīnawarī
Abu Hubayra al-Basri is important link of chain of Chishti Order. At the age of seven he memorized Quran by heart and became mureed of Khwaja Sadid ad-Din Huzaifa al-Marashi at the age of thirty.
Charles Thomas Cleveland (born March 10, 1956) is a retired United States Army Lieutenant General who was the commander of the United States Army Special Operations Command (2012-15). He is a graduate of the United States Military Academy, class of 1978. He previously served as commanding officer of the US Army 10th Special Forces Group from 2001 to 2003 where he led the initial invasion into northern Iraq during Operation Iraqi Freedom. He served as Chief of Staff, and as Deputy Commander of the Army Special Operations Command followed by duty as commander of Special Operations Command South from 2005 to 2008. Cleveland served as Special Operations Command Central from 2008 to 2011. He retired from the U.S. Army in August 2015.
Mady (Kyrgyz: Мады) is a village in Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan. It is part of the Kara-Suu District. Its population was 2,876 in 2021. It was here that Qurmancan Datqa died - one of the famous political figures in Kyrgyz history.
Bernard Lambourde (born 11 May 1971) is a French former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Adolfas Varanauskas (4 February 1934 – 12 January 2007) was a Lithuanian athlete. He competed in the men's shot put at the 1964 Summer Olympics, representing the Soviet Union.
Schefflera euthytricha is a species of plant in the family Araliaceae. It is endemic to Fiji.
Jerry's Famous Deli was a chain of Jewish delicatessens. The original deli was founded in Studio City, California, in 1978 by Isaac Starkman and Jerry Seidman. The CEO was Starkman's son, Guy Starkman. While the chain is no longer operating, there is a single similar location, Jerry's Patio Cafe & Bar, in Marina del Rey, CA is now owned by Jonathan and Mandy Mitchell.  The deli chain is noted for its celebrity clientele, which has included Adam Sandler, Will Smith, Shaquille O'Neal, and the cast of Seinfeld. Andy Kaufman once worked at the Studio City deli as a busboy.
Thomas Cannon (1720–?) of Gray's Inn was an English author of the 18th century.  He wrote what may be the earliest published defence of homosexuality in English, Ancient and Modern Pederasty Investigated and Exemplify'd (1749) and may also have collaborated with John Cleland, author of Fanny Hill.
Acropora austera  is a species of Acropora coral found in the Indo-Pacific. A. austera are fast-growing that are dispersed in ocean currents.
Nomi was a network of retail supermarkets in Poland, owned by Nomi SA with its registered office in Kielce and a sales office in Warsaw. Nomi has about 20 stores in which approximately 1,800 people work. Since 2007, Nomi SA has been part of the Polish capital group managed by i4ventures.On 28 May 2011 a fire broke out in the Leszno store that destroyed the entire building. On 30 December 2012 the store in Bydgoszcz closed, thereby leaving the only store in Kujawsko-Pomorskie located in Inowrocław. At the end of 2013, the company announced systemic bankruptcy. Since then, the decision has been made to close down the store in Koszalin, Stargard, Kielce, Radom, Tczew, Świętochłowice, Siemianowice Śląskie, Kluczbork, Płock and Pabianice. 
In 2015, the company entered the liquidation bankruptcy phase. Bricomarche currently owns over 10 locations of the retail shop locations formerly ran by Nomi.
Cocozza is the name of a European aristocratic family from the ancient region of Nola, in what is now Italy's region of Campania. Members have been in service to the Church and King through membership of the Knights of Malta and as Counts of the House of Aragon.  Prior to the second millennium this family was known as Cucurbitus, tracing back to the Roman Empire. 
Palazzo Cocozza is still in existence located in Casertaveccia,  and is currently owned by the Marchese Cocozza di Montanara. The magnificent botanical gardens are periodically open to the public.
-Nardo Cocozza di Nola (born 1476), saved King Ferdinand I from the Conspiracy of Barons earning the Fidelis Familia Crest.
-Sebastiano Cocozza di Nola II (1494), successfully led the cavalry against General Lautrec in 1528 to defend the Ponte della Maddalena bridge in Naples and appointed by the Prince of Orange.
-Felice Cocozza di Nola I (born 1521) Wounded fighting the Turkish invasion at Lepanto
-Vincenzo Cocozza di Nola (born 1576) Ambassador to Pope Clement VIII
-Lelio Cocozza di Nola (born 1579) Knight of the Order of Malta
-Felice Cocozza di Nola (born 1630) Cavalry Captain and author of 'The Art of the Military' 
-Conte Gioacchino Cocozza di Nola (born 1712) Papal Knight of St. George, awarded Papal Nobility of Amalfi in 1789
Conte Gaspare Cocozza di Nola (born 1866) Senator of the Kingdom of Italy
General Ciro Cocozza (born 1957) Delegate to the United NationsMarc Cocozza (born 1981), Scottish former footballer
Frankie Cocozza (born 1993), English singer who participated in The X Factor in 2011
Alfred Arnold Cocozza stage name Mario Lanza January 31, 1921 – October 7, 1959) was an American tenor, actor and Hollywood film star of the late 1940s and the 1950s.
Culture Beat is a German Eurodance project formed in 1989 by Torsten Fenslau. The act has gone through a number of lineup changes over the years; they achieved the most success whilst fronted by singer Tania Evans and rapper Jay Supreme. Their 1993 single "Mr. Vain" was a number-one hit in eleven European countries, and the act is thought to have sold more than 10 million records worldwide.
Hammarland is a municipality of Åland, an autonomous territory of Finland.
(31 March 2021) and covers an area of 1,224.17 square kilometres (472.65 sq mi) of
The municipality is unilingually Swedish. 95% of its population has Swedish as their native language, making Hammarland one of the municipalities with the highest percentage of Swedish-speakers in Finland.
Märket, the westernmost point of Finland, is an exclave of Hammarland.The most significant main road of Hammarland is the Highway 1 between Mariehamn and Eckerö.
Le Creusot (pronounced [lə kʁøzo]) is a commune and the industrial town in the Saône-et-Loire department, region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, eastern France.
The inhabitants are known as Creusotins. Formerly a mining town, its economy is now dominated by metallurgical companies such as ArcelorMittal, Schneider Electric, and Alstom.
Since the 1990s, the town has been developing its tourism credentials. Its main attraction is the Parc des Combes. The Creusot steam hammer is exposed as a tourist attraction in a square at the entrance to the town from the south.
Le Creusot is also the second educational centre of the Bourgogne (after Dijon), with its IUT and the Condorcet university centre.
Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal or Busta Shinjuku (バスタ新宿) is a major bus terminal located at Shinjuku Station South.  It is Japan's largest and first integrated bus terminal in Greater Tokyo serving once scattered companies.
The Sarasota Municipal Auditorium, listed in the National Register as Municipal Auditorium-Recreation Club, is a historic multi-purpose facility built in 1938. It is located at 801 Tamiami Trail North and owned/operated by the municipal government of Sarasota, Florida. The auditorium has 10,000 square feet (930 m2) of exhibit space on its main floor and also contains an Art Deco style stage measuring 1,500 square feet (140 m2).
The auditorium has been used for many community functions and recreational activities. It has also been known as the Sarasota Exhibition Hall and the Sarasota Civic Center Exhibition Hall. The auditorium is located on a large parcel of public land that is reserved for civic, government uses. On February 24, 1995, the complex was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
This is a list of Category A listed buildings in West Lothian, Scotland.
In Scotland, the term listed building refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of "special architectural or historic interest". Category A structures are those considered to be "buildings of national or international importance, either architectural or historic, or fine little-altered examples of some particular period, style or building type." Listing was begun by a provision in the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947, and the current legislative basis for listing is the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) (Scotland) Act 1997. The authority for listing rests with Historic Scotland, an executive agency of the Scottish Government, which inherited this role from the Scottish Development Department in 1991. Once listed, severe restrictions are imposed on the modifications allowed to a building's structure or its fittings. Listed building consent must be obtained from local authorities prior to any alteration to such a structure. There are approximately 47,400 listed buildings in Scotland, of which around 8% (some 3,800) are Category A.The council area of West Lothian covers 427 square kilometres (165 sq mi), and has a population of around 169,500. There are 42 Category A listed buildings within the area, ranging from Linlithgow Palace, a principal residence of the Kings of Scotland, to more modest farms and cottages such as Gowanbank or Woodcockdale. Historic churches include those at Abercorn, Mid Calder and Linlithgow. Several small castles and tower houses merit Category A listing. More recent country houses include Hopetoun House, worked on successively by Sir William Bruce, William Adam and Robert Adam. A number of 19th century viaducts and aqueducts carry railways and canals across the River Avon and River Almond. In the historic royal burgh of Linlithgow, besides the palace and parish church, several town houses are listed at Category A. Few recent buildings in the area merit Category A listing, with only one building dating from the post-war period (Brucefield Church).
Ivan Zinonovych Fedyk (Ukrainian: Іван Зінонович Федик; born 9 July 1987) is a Ukrainian football manager.
Princess Sikhanyiso Dlamini (Swazi: [sikʰaɲiso ɮʱamini]; born 1 September 1987) is a Swazi princess and politician. She is the eldest daughter of King Mswati III of Eswatini, and is the country's current Minister of Information and Communication Technology.
Bringing Down the House: The Inside Story of Six MIT Students Who Took Vegas for Millions is a 2003 book by Ben Mezrich about a group of MIT card counters commonly known as the MIT Blackjack Team. Though the book is classified as non-fiction, the Boston Globe alleges that the book contains significant fictional elements, that many of the key events propelling the drama did not occur in real life, and that others were exaggerated greatly. The book was adapted into the movies 21 and The Last Casino.
There is a city named Fulton in Oswego County, New York as well as a Fulton County, New York.Fulton is a town in Schoharie County, New York, United States. The population was 1,495 at the 2000 census. Within the town of Fulton are the hamlets of Breakabeen and Fultonham. The town is in the center of the county and is also one of the larger towns in the county. Fulton is west of Albany.
Rune Herregodts (born 27 July 1998) is a Belgian racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam Sport Vlaanderen–Baloise.
Ilan Pappé (Hebrew: אילן פפה, IPA: [iˈlan paˈpe]; born 1954) is an expatriate Israeli historian and socialist activist. He is a professor with the College of Social Sciences and International Studies at the University of Exeter in the United Kingdom, director of the university's European Centre for Palestine Studies, and co-director of the Exeter Centre for Ethno-Political Studies.
Pappé was born in Haifa, Israel. Prior to coming to the UK, he was a senior lecturer in political science at the University of Haifa (1984–2007) and chair of the Emil Touma Institute for Palestinian and Israeli Studies in Haifa (2000–2008). He is the author of The Ethnic Cleansing of Palestine (2006), The Modern Middle East (2005), A History of Modern Palestine: One Land, Two Peoples (2003), and Britain and the Arab-Israeli Conflict (1988). He was also a leading member of Hadash, and was a candidate on the party list in the 1996 and 1999 Knesset elections.
Pappé is one of Israel's New Historians who, since the release of pertinent British and Israeli government documents in the early 1980s, have been rewriting the history of Israel's creation in 1948, and the corresponding expulsion or flight of 700,000 Palestinians in the same year. He has written that the expulsions were not decided on an ad hoc basis, as other historians have argued, but constituted the ethnic cleansing of Palestine, in accordance with Plan Dalet, drawn up in 1947 by Israel's future leaders. He blames the creation of Israel for the lack of peace in the Middle East, arguing that Zionism is more dangerous than Islamic militancy, and has called for an international boycott of Israeli academics.Pappé supports the one-state solution, which envisages a unitary state for Palestinians and Israelis.His work has been both supported and criticized by other historians. Before he left Israel in 2008, he had been condemned in the Knesset, Israel's parliament; a minister of education had called for him to be sacked; his photograph had appeared in a newspaper at the centre of a target; and he had received several death threats.
Mauve ( (listen), mohv;  (listen), mawv) is a pale purple color named after the mallow flower (French: mauve). The first use of the word mauve as a color was in 1796–98 according to the Oxford English Dictionary, but its use seems to have been rare before 1859. Another name for the color is mallow, with the first recorded use of mallow as a color name in English in 1611.Mauve contains more gray and more blue than a pale tint of magenta. Many pale wildflowers called "blue" are more accurately classified as mauve.  Mauve is also sometimes described as pale violet.
Scoparia chalicodes is a species of moth in the family Crambidae. This species was named by Edward Meyrick in 1884. Meyrick gave a fuller description of this species in 1885. S. chalicodes is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is 15.5–16.5 mm. The forewings are light ochreous-grey, irrorated with white. The veins are irregularly and partially lined with blackish. The first line is pale greyish-ochreous, obscurely dark-margined. The second line is very obscure and the subterminal line is cloudy and whitish. The hindwings are grey-whitish. Adults have been recorded on wing from January to March.
The 128th Infantry Regiment ("Les Terribles") is a United States military unit of the Wisconsin National Guard, currently represented by the 1st Battalion, 128th Infantry Regiment. The 128th has served as part of the American Civil War, Spanish–American War, Mexican Civil War, World War I, World War II, Iraq War and the Afghanistan War.
AMP deaminase 1 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the AMPD1 gene.Adenosine monophosphate deaminase is an enzyme that converts adenosine monophosphate (AMP) to inosine monophosphate (IMP), freeing an ammonia molecule in the process.
The Bonded Vault heist was the August 1975 robbery of the Bonded Vault Company, a commercial safe-deposit business occupying a vault inside Hudson Fur Storage in Providence, Rhode Island. It served as the unofficial "bank" used by the Patriarca crime family and associates. The stolen valuables were worth about $30 million (equivalent to $144.3 million in 2020). According to The Providence Journal, it was among the biggest heists in US history and resulted in the longest and costliest criminal trial in Rhode Island history.
The Mason City Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in north central Iowa, anchored by the city of Mason City.
As of the 2000 census, the USA had a population of 54,356 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 51,150).
The Tulane School of Architecture is the school of architecture at Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana. The school has a student body of approximately 442 students.
The school is home to 5 academic programs (Architecture, Design, Historic Preservation, Real Estate Development, and Social Innovation and Social Entrepreneurship), which offer a total of 8 different undergraduate and graduate degrees and 5 undergraduate minors and 3 graduate certificates - many of which can be combined with other academic programs at Tulane University. 
Degree paths for students lead to a 5-year professional Master of Architecture, a 4-year Bachelor of Science in Architecture, a 3+1⁄2-year professional Master of Architecture intended for those holding undergraduate degrees outside of architecture, a 2-year Master of Architecture program for pre-professional degree holders with substantial architectural education, as well as the post-professional Master of Science in Architectural Research and Design. Additionally, the school has an undergraduate Bachelor of Arts in Design and Bachelor of Science in Real Estate. Graduate programs also include a Master of Science in Historic Preservation (MSHP) and a Master of Sustainable Real Estate Development (MSRED). It also offers dual degree programs, undergraduate minors and certificates in preservation studies and sustainable real estate development, and an undergraduate minor in social innovation and social entrepreneurship (SISE).
The People's Liberation Army of the People's Republic of China has had many divisions since it was officially established in 1949.
Archaeology is the second album by parody band The Rutles. Like their previous release, the album contains pastiches of Beatles songs.
Three of the four musicians who had created the soundtrack for the 1978 film—Neil Innes, John Halsey, and Ricky Fataar—reunited in 1996 and recorded a second album, Archaeology, an affectionate send-up of The Beatles Anthology albums (although its original cover design rather parodied that of The Beatles' singles compilation Past Masters: Volume One). The fourth 'real' Rutle, Ollie Halsall, died in Spain in 1992. Eric Idle was invited to participate, but declined.
Like the Anthology project that it lampooned, it featured tracks ostensibly from all periods of the Rutles' career, sequenced to reflect the fictional band's chronology. Several of the songs were actually older Innes songs that were dusted off and given the 'Rutles' treatment. The reunion was blessed by George Harrison, who encouraged The Pre-Fab Four to proceed. (When approached, he told Innes, 'Sure. It's all part of the "soup"...', an encounter that Innes related in interviews in 1996.)
The reunion was triggered by Innes's appearance at the Los Angeles festival "Monty Python: Lust For Glory!", an event that celebrated the 25th anniversary of the Monty Python troupe and was produced by Martin Lewis for the American Cinematheque. Innes performed two sold-out gigs at Los Angeles's Troubadour Club under the name "Ron Nasty & The New Rutles", using a local Beatles tribute band.
Following the success of the shows, Lewis and Innes collaborated on the project that became Archaeology.
The Church of San Juan Bautista de San Juan de Coquihuil (Spanish: Iglesia de San Juan Bautista de San Juan de Coquihuil) is a Roman Catholic church located in the Chilean hamlet of San Juan, commune of Dalcahue in Chiloé Island. Commonly referred to as «Church of San Juan» —Spanish: Iglesia de San Juan—, is within the Diocese of Ancud; its construction was finished around 1887.This church is one of the 16 traditional Chiloé wooden churches built in the 18th and 19th centuries that were declared as a World Heritage site under Churches of Chiloé's denomination because of their unique form of wooden architecture known as the Chilota School of Religious Architecture on Wood.
Lepidodendrales  (from the Greek for "scale tree") were primitive, vascular, arborescent (tree-like) plants related to the lycopsids (club mosses). 
Members of Lepidodendrales are the best understood of the fossil lycopsids due to the vast diversity of Lepidodendrales specimens and the diversity in which they were preserved; the extensive distribution of Lepidodendrales specimens as well as their well-preservedness lends paleobotanists exceptionally detailed knowledge of the coal-swamp giants’ reproductive biology, vegetative development, and role in their paleoecosystem.
The defining characteristics of the Lepidodendrales are their secondary xylem, extensive periderm development, three-zoned cortex, rootlike appendages known as stigmarian rootlets arranged in a spiralling pattern, and megasporangium each containing a single functional megaspore that germinates inside the sporangium. Many of these different plant organs have been assigned both generic and specific names as relatively few have been found organically attached to each other.
Some specimens have been discovered which indicate heights of 40 and even 50 meters and diameters of over 2 meters at the base. The massive trunks of some species branched profusely, producing large crowns of leafy twigs; though some leaves were up to 1 meter long, most were much shorter, and when leaves dropped from branches their conspicuous leaf bases remained on the surface of branches. Strobili could be found at the tips of distal branches or in an area at the top of the main trunk. The underground organs of Lepidodendrales typically consisted of dichotomizing axes bearing helically arranged, lateral appendages serving an equivalent function to roots.
Sometimes called "giant club mosses", they are believed to be more closely related to extant quillworts based on xylem, although fossil specimens of extinct Selaginellales from the Late Carboniferous also had secondary xylem.
Starfire Optical Range (SOR - Pronounced as an initialism) is a United States Air Force research laboratory on the Kirtland Air Force Base in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Its primary duty, according to the official website, is to "develop and demonstrate optical wavefront control technologies." The range is a secure lab facility and is a division of the Directed Energy Directorate of the Air Force Research Laboratory.
SOR's optical equipment includes a 3.5 meter telescope which is "one of the largest telescopes in the world equipped with adaptive optics designed for satellite tracking" according to the Air Force, a 1.5 meter telescope, and a 1-meter beam director.
Mania (also known as Venom and Maniac) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. It first appeared in Venom #1 and was created by Daniel Way and Francisco Herrera. Belonging to a race of amorphous extraterrestrial parasites known as Symbiotes, its hosts are Patricia Robertson, Andrea "Andi" Benton and Lee Price.
Pierre Toussaint Marcel de Serres de Mesplès (3 November 1780  – 22 July 1862 in  Montpellier), also known as Marcel de Serres, was a French caver, geologist and naturalist.
Mayurbhanj Law College commonly known as MLC is a non Government law institute situated at Takatpur in Baripada of Mayurbhanj district in the Indian state of Odisha. It offers 3 years LL.B. and 2 years Master of Laws (LL.M) courses approved by the Bar Council of India (BCI) and it is affiliated to North Odisha University.
Prochora praticola is a species of spider in the family Miturgidae. It is found in China, Korea, and Japan, and was first described by Friedrich Wilhelm Bösenberg and Embrik Strand in 1906 as Agroeca praticola.
Salvador Ferrando (1835–1908) was a Mexican painter from Tlacotalpan who specialized in portraits and landscapes, mostly of the Papaloapan and Tlacotalpan regions. There is a museum named after him in his hometown, which contains a number of his works. Many of Ferrando's works were rescued by an architect named Humberto Aguirre Tinoco, and  number of them can be seen at the Museo de Arte de Veracruz in the city of Orizaba.
Po Tisuntiraidapuran (?–1793) was the ruler of Champa from 1780 to 1793. His Vietnamese name was Nguyễn Văn Tá (阮文佐).
Po Tisuntiraidapuran was a descendant of Po Saktiraydapatih. He was appointed the ruler of Champa with the title cai cơ by Nguyễn lord. Since 1771, Champa was a victim of Vietnamese civil war. The fate of Champa was dependent on outcome of the civil war between the Tây Sơn dynasty and the Nguyễn lords. Po Tisuntiraidapuran turned to support Tây Sơn rebels in 1782. He was regarded as a traitor by Nguyễn Ánh. In 1788, Nguyễn Ánh appointed Po Krei Brei (Nguyễn Văn Chiêu) and Po Ladhuanpuguh (Nguyễn Văn Hào) as co-rulers of Champa.In 1793, Po Tisuntiraidapuran was defeated and captured by Po Ladhuanpuguh. He was executed in Gia Định (present-day Ho Chi Minh City). Since then, Champa rulers did not use the title Thuận Thành trấn phiên vương (順城鎮藩王, "Vassal king of Thuận Thành trấn"); Champa was regarded as a chiefdom under Vietnamese thổ ty system.
In the history record Archives royales du Champa, there were two documents related to him.
Rousillon Rupes is a scarp (rupes is Latin for "cliff") on the surface of the Uranian moon Titania named after "Bertram, count of Rousillon" (an Elisabethan English misspelling for Roussillon) in William Shakespeare's comedy All's Well That Ends Well. The 402 km long feature is a normal fault situated near the equator and running perpendicular to it. The scarp cuts impact craters, which probably means that it was formed at a relatively late stage of moon's evolution, when the interior of Titania expanded and its ice crust cracked as a result. Rousillon Rupes has only few crater superimposed on it, which also implies its relatively young age. The scarp was first imaged by Voyager 2 spacecraft in January 1986.
Srđan Šaper (Serbian Cyrillic: Срђан Шапер; born October 9, 1958) is a founder of I&F McCann Grupa. He is also well known as a founder and a member of the Yugoslav new wave band Idoli in the 1980s.
Vexillum acromiale is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.
Artitropa usambarae is a butterfly in the family Hesperiidae. It is found in north-eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
Chilezuela is a pejorative Chilean term to describe a dystopian version of Chile with negative attributes similar to those of Bolivarian Venezuela. The term gained traction in the 2017 Chilean presidential election when supporters of right-wing candidate Sebastián Piñera applied it to what they claimed was a path towards crisis and underdevelopment. During the campaign false rumours of Nicolás Maduro supporting Chilean centre-left candidate Alejandro Guillier spread through social media of groups of exiled Venezuelans. Piñera himself sought to pejoratively link Guillier to Maduro. The term is part of a wide trend in the Spanish-speaking world of doing negative references to Venezuela during political campaigns. This and similar terms such as, Argenzuela, Peruzuela and venezuelización are used during political campaigns to claim what will supposedly happen if the left-wing candidate wins.
USS Simplicity (SP-96) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1918.
Simplicity was built as a civilian motorboat in 1906 by Smith and Mabely at Astoria, New York. On 12 May 1917, the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner, A. S. Korter of New York City, for World War I service as a patrol boat. She was commissioned on 7 June 1917 as USS Simplicity (SP-96) with Boatswain M. J. Brophy, USNRF, in command.
Simplicity was assigned to the Section Net Patrol at New York City, where she carried out harbor patrols during World War I
On 19 October 1918, the barge No. 78 struck and crushed Simplicity while she was alongside a United States Army pier at Fort Wadsworth, New York. Her hulk was beached and stripped by the Navy, and she was stricken from the Navy List as of 19 October 1918.
This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 174 of the United States Reports:
Yaa Asantewaa (17 October 1840 – 17 October 1921) was the queen mother of Ejisu in the Ashanti Empire – now part of modern-day Ghana – appointed by her brother Nana Akwasi Afrane Opese, the Edwesuhene, or ruler, of Edwesu. In 1900 she led the Ashanti war known as the War of the Golden Stool, also known as the Yaa Asantewaa War, against British colonialism.
The 1968 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship was an international basketball  competition held in Spain in 1968.
The 2005 Hawaii Warriors football team represented the University of Hawaii at Manoa in the 2005 NCAA Division I-A football season. Hawaii finished the 2005 season with a 5–7 record, going 4–4 in WAC play. The losing record was the first for Hawaii since 2000 and the team did not play in a bowl game for the first time since 2002.The 2005 season saw the addition of former Atlanta Falcons and Houston Oilers head coach Jerry Glanville as the team's defensive coordinator. The season began with a blowout road loss at Michigan State and a blowout home loss to Southern California.  The season also included heartbreaking defeats at home to Boise State, Fresno State and Wisconsin, but concluded with a win against San Diego State.
The Warrego River is an intermittent river that is part of the Darling catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, which is located in South West Queensland and in the Orana region of New South Wales, Australia. The Warrego River is the northernmost tributary of the Darling River.
Harriette Simpson Arnow (July 7, 1908 – March 22, 1986) was an American novelist, who lived in Kentucky and Michigan.  Arnow has been called an expert on the people of the Southern Appalachian Mountains, but she herself loved cities and spent crucial periods of her life in Cincinnati and Detroit.
Pinon's imperial pigeon (Ducula pinon) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae. It is found in New Guinea. The species is named after Rose de Freycinet née Pinon. Several subspecies have been designated:
Ducula pinon pinon (Quoy and Gaimard) - Western Papuan Islands; Aru Islands; southern New Guinea from the Mimika River to Hall Sound.
Ducula pinon rubiensis (A. B. Meyer) - Geelvink Bay, New Guinea to Eatna Bay
Ducula pinon jobiensis (Schlegel) - Jobi Island, northern coast of New Guinea; Dampier and Vulcan Islands.
Ducula pinon salvadorii (Tristram) - D'Entrecasteaux Archipelago: Fergusson and Goodenough Islands; Louisiade Archipelago : St. Aignan, Rossel and Sudest Islands.
At Eternity's Gate is a 2018 biographical drama film about the final years of painter Vincent van Gogh's life. The film dramatizes the controversial theory put forward by van Gogh biographers Steven Naifeh and Gregory White Smith, in which they speculate that van Gogh's death was caused by mischief rather than suicide.
The film is directed and co-edited by Julian Schnabel, from a screenplay by Schnabel, Jean-Claude Carrière and Louise Kugelberg. It stars  Willem Dafoe as van Gogh, Rupert Friend, Oscar Isaac, Mads Mikkelsen, Mathieu Amalric, Emmanuelle Seigner and Niels Arestrup. Principal photography took place in late 2017 over 38 days at various locations across France where van Gogh resided during his final years.
The film held its world premiere at the 75th Venice International Film Festival on September 3, 2018. The film was theatrically released in the United States on November 16, 2018, by CBS Films, before streaming on Netflix in France on February 15, 2019. It was released theatrically and through video-on-demand in the United Kingdom on March 29, 2019, by Curzon Artificial Eye. The film received generally positive reviews from critics; Dafoe's acting was widely acclaimed, and for his performance, Dafoe was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama, among others, and won the Volpi Cup for Best Actor at the 75th Venice International Film Festival.
The 1944–45 Nationalliga A season was the seventh season of the Nationalliga A, the top level of ice hockey in Switzerland. Seven teams participated in the league, and HC Davos won the championship.
Fernando Luis Capurro (born 23 April 1963) is a Chilean handball coach for the Chilean national team.
Parliamentary elections were held in Bulgaria in January and February 1880. Low voter turnout in some constituencies led to the results being invalidated and the elections re-run. Unlike in former elections, the government did not attempt to influence the result, resulting in the opposition Liberal Party retaining their majority in the National Assembly. Of the 162 seats, the Liberal Party won 103 and the Conservative Party won 50. When the newly elected Assembly convened, Liberal Party member Petko Karavelov was elected Chairperson.Following the election the government resigned, but incumbent Prime Minister Kliment Turnovski was asked to form another government. Ultimately Dragan Tsankov formed a government and became Prime Minister on 8 April.
Gos Trisang Yalag (Tibetan: མགོས་ཁྲི་བཟང་ཡབ་ལག; ? – ?) was an officer of Tibetan Empire. 
He was a "Shang" (ཞང, imperial affine) of Tibet emperor, and Trisong Detsen was very trust him. He was a Buddhist. With his help, Trisong Detsen purged his regent Mashang Drompakye, and exiled Nganlam Takdra Lukhong to Changtang. Then, Buddhism was recognised as Tibet's state religion. Bon supporters were forced to convert to Buddhism, their cannons were buried into ground or throw into water.
Trisong Detsen hosted a famous two-year debate from 792-794 CE, which known as "Samye Debate" in mordern scholarship. The debate was between the Chinese and Indian Buddhist traditions as they were represented in Tibet. Trisang supported Kamalaśīla, an Indian Buddhist, against Chan Buddhist Moheyan. Finally, Kamalaśīla won the debate, and Moheyan was driven out of Tibet.
Hakaniemi metro station (Finnish: Hakaniemen metroasema, Swedish: Hagnäs metrostation) is a station on the Helsinki Metro. It serves the central Helsinki districts of Hakaniemi and Kallio. Both lines M1 and M2 serve Hakaniemi. There are 28 bicycle parking spaces at the station.Opened on 1 June 1982, Hakaniemi was among the first metro stations opened in Helsinki. It was designed by Mirja Castrén, Juhani Jauhiainen, and Marja Nuuttila. It is located 900 meters from the University of Helsinki station, and 900 meters from Sörnäinen metro station. The station is situated at a depth of 23 meters below ground level and 21 meters below sea level.
Anthony Carter (born September 17, 1960) is an American former professional football player who was a wide receiver for 13 years in the United States Football League (USFL) and National Football League (NFL). He finished his college football career as the University of Michigan's all-time leading receiver.  He is also known as "AC".
Cytokine receptor-like factor 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CRLF3 gene.
Charlie Holmes (January 27, 1910 near Boston, Massachusetts – September 19, 1985 in Stoughton, Massachusetts) was an American alto jazz saxophonist of the swing era. He also played clarinet and oboe for the Boston Civic Symphony Orchestra in 1926.
Matti Pitkänen (born 20 December 1948 in Ikaalinen) is a Finnish former cross-country skier who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He won two medals in the 4 × 10 km relay at the Winter Olympics with a gold in 1976 and a bronze in 1980. He also finished sixth in the 30 km at the 1980 Winter Olympics.
Pitkänen also won a silver medal in the 4 × 10 km relay at the 1978 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lahti. He also finished fourth in the 15 km, 30 km, and 50 km events at those same games.
Pitkänen won the 50 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1978.
Colonel Cameron "Cam" Mitchell, USAF is a fictional character in the American military science fiction television series Stargate SG-1, a science fiction show about a military team exploring the galaxy via a network of alien transportation devices. Played by Ben Browder, Cameron Mitchell is introduced as a main character in the season 9 premiere "Avalon", holding the military rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Air Force. Learning of the SG-1 team's off-screen separation after the previous season, Mitchell is assigned as new commanding officer of SG-1, which he remains throughout season 10 (2006-2007) and the direct-to-DVD films Stargate: The Ark of Truth, ending at the rank of Colonel for Stargate: Continuum (2008).
The first episodes of season 9 show Mitchell's struggle to reunite the former SG-1 members under his command. With the aid of Lt. Col. Samantha Carter, Dr. Daniel Jackson, the Jaffa Teal'c, and the alien thief Vala Mal Doran, Mitchell attempts to stop the Ori threat to the Milky Way galaxy during the series' run. Mitchell is an experienced fighter pilot and is often involved in close combat.
Despite Browder's popularity as former lead in the sci-fi TV series Farscape, Mitchell's role as the SG-1 leader attracted some viewers' resentment for taking over Carter's former position. Browder noted a lack of Mitchell-centric episodes and insufficient interaction between Mitchell and the other main characters. For his portrayal of Cameron Mitchell, Ben Browder was nominated for a Saturn Award in the category "Best Supporting Actor on Television" in 2006.
Freeman Island is a tiny island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S. state of Washington, west of Orcas Island. It is part of the San Juan Islands National Monument (Bureau of Land Management).
The name was given by Charles Wilkes during the Wilkes Expedition of 1838–1842, originally as Freeman's Island, in honor of J.D. Freeman, the sailmaker of the expedition's Peacock.Freeman island sits just off YMCA Camp Orkila, and is a popular rowboat destination for the campers.
The Cortes of Castilla–La Mancha (Spanish: Cortes de Castilla-La Mancha) is the unicameral legislature of Castilla–La Mancha, an autonomous community of Spain. The Cortes consists of 33 elected deputies. 
The Cortes of Castilla–La Mancha represent the popular will through 33 deputies elected by  universal adult suffrage through the secret ballot.
Jaume Sanllorente (Barcelona 1976) is a writer, journalist and activist for Human Rights. He is founder and General Director of the Fundación Sonrisas de Bombay and of the Mumbai Smiles Foundation, both of them non-governmental and non-profit organizations that focus their joint action on a peaceful struggle against poverty among the most underprivileged communities of Mumbai.
He graduated in Journalism in the Ramon Llull University. He studied Development Cooperation at the Institute for Peace and Cooperation Studies at the University of Oviedo and later at the United Nations Institute for Studies in India. He was also selected by the prestigious Harvard Kennedy School to take its Strategic Management Course for world leaders of non-governmental organizations. He has taken the course for paramedical staff specialized in leprosy at the Fontilles Institute (Alicante) and several courses on human resources, leadership and marketing at institutions such as Mafoi Consulting or the S. P. Jain Institute of Technology and Research in Mumbai.
After finishing his studies, he moved to London, where he lived for a year. Later, back in Barcelona, he worked in different media, such as Barcelona TV or COM Ràdio. He was also the correspondent in Catalonia for the Comercio Exterior magazine (Foreign trade).
Later on, after a trip to India during which he came across an orphanage with serious economic problems, he directed his personal and professional life towards the international cooperation for development and the defense of Human Rights of the most vulnerable sectors of population of Mumbai.
In 2005 he founded Sonrisas de Bombay (Mumbai Smiles). He currently lives in this Indian city, and still is the main leader of the project: an NGO that has focused its action for fifteen years on the peaceful fight against poverty and in favor of Human Rights in the most depressed areas of Mumbai. The struggle against human trafficking and the support of children from homeless families represent the main framework of his projects, which have already benefited more than 10,000 people. Beyond the projects with the most disadvantaged communities, the Foundation promotes campaigns and actions to raise awareness and foster education for the development, and, at the same time, to publicize and denounce any rights violation and the exclusion that millions of people suffer in the city. Almost 3,000 members and collaborating partners support this project to fight poverty.
Sanllorente wrote “The Dacca Seamstress” (Espasa), “The Power of Smiles” (Conecta) and the novel " La Canción de la Concubina "(Espasa). He also participated together with other 10 writers in the children's story book “10 Stories, 10 smiles "(Beascoa).
His first book was "Mumbai Smiles, the journey that changed my destiny" (Platform), translated into eight languages with a foreword by Dominique Lapierre and currently in its twenty-fifth edition. He has released his latest novel with the same publisher: " The women of Bombay: The struggle of the bravest in India.", a tribute to the women of the community with which he works.
He is also a co-author of "Mumbai, beyond smiles" (Platform) and has collaborated with several essays.
His leadership methods and his career as an entrepreneur are studied in universities and business schools such as IESE, which in 2011 published the Study case "Mumbai Smiles", currently taught to international MBA students.
He has received, among others, the Axuda 2007 Award, the Tierno Galván Award for Human Values, the Young Solidarity Award from the Castilla y León Film Festival and the Gold Medal from the Spanish Association for European Development. He is the honorary godfather of the twenty-second promotion of the Mossos d'Esquadra and a world ambassador of the Mumbai Leprosy Project. He has also been recognized as a "Man of Peace" by the Seville Peace Culture School Association.The Spanish Government awarded him the Official Cross of the Order of Civil Merit in 2009.
In 2015, he, along with one other person, delivered a speech at the commemorative ceremony of the United Nations’ 70th anniversary before its Secretary General, Ban Ki-Moon.
During the current 2020 year, while devoting most of his efforts responding to the challenges that the communities the Foundation works with must face as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, new accomplishments have been achieved. A delegation has been opened in Madrid and this new office teams up with the different volunteer groups scattered throughout the Spanish territory, including the capital city, to join efforts to help promote actions against poverty and hunger, a struggle which today is more necessary than ever
Kolah Jub-e Esfandiari (Persian: كله جوب اسفندياري, also Romanized as Kolah Jūb-e Esfandīārī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 163, in 28 families.
Maries County Jail and Sheriff's House, also known as the Old Jail Museum, is a historic jail and sheriff's residence located in Vienna, Maries County, Missouri. It was built between 1856 and 1858, and is a two-story rectangular building, constructed of rough-cut native limestone ashlar blocks. It was moved to its present location in 1959, where it is now used as a museum.: 5 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
Katsushige Kawashima (川嶋勝重, Kawashima Katsushige, born October 6, 1974, in Ichihara, Chiba) is a Japanese retired professional boxer who fought in the super flyweight division. He is a former WBC and lineal super flyweight champion.
Atkinsons of London is a British perfume house founded in London in 1799. The brand was relaunched in September 2013 after a long dormant period off the market.
Zaïnoul Bah (born 24 April 1984) is an Ivorian-French former basketball player. Bah had a long professional career, playing for clubs in France and Switzerland. Standing at 1.83 m (6 ft 0 in), he primarily played as shooting guard.
Saint Joseph's Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic parish located south of Dubuque, Iowa in the community of Key West, Iowa.  The parish is part of the Archdiocese of Dubuque.
The church is across from Mount Olivet Cemetery, one of two main Catholic cemeteries for Dubuque-area Catholics.  While people from St. Joseph's parish are often buried at Mount Olivet, the cemetery is not part of the parish.
Tomme Tønner is a Norwegian gangster comedy written and directed by Leon Bashir and Sebastian Dalén. The film premiered in Norway on 8 January 2010. The film got a sequel Tomme Tønner 2.
Devis Da Canal (born 18 July 1976) is an Italian biathlete. He competed in the men's sprint event at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Cosmopterix diandra is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae. It was described by John Frederick Gates Clarke in 1986. It is found on the Marquesas Islands.
Yuri Leonidovich Tsiuman (born January 30, 1969), known as The Black Tights Killer ("Черноколготочник", transliteration "Chernokolgotochnik"), and The Night Guest, is a Soviet serial killer. All of his victims are reported to have worn pantyhoses. This article of clothing became known as the killer's "calling card."
Kirkstall is a historically important area of Leeds. Its history can be seen in its abbey, its industrial remains and its regeneration.
Monrovia Black Star Football Club is a club based in Monrovia, Liberia. Its home stadium is the Antonette Tubman Stadium. In 2008, the club won the Liberian Premier League (LPL) and Liberian Cup for the first time in its history.
The 2019 Algerian presidential election was held in Algeria on 12 December 2019. The election had originally been scheduled for 18 April, but was postponed due to sustained weekly protests against plans by the incumbent president Abdelaziz Bouteflika to run for a fifth term. Bouteflika resigned on 2 April and Abdelkader Bensalah was elected acting president by parliament a week later. On 10 April the election was rescheduled for 4 July. On 2 June the Constitutional Council postponed the elections again, citing a lack of candidates. A new electoral authority, Autorité nationale indépendante des élections (ANIE), was created in mid-September as an alternative to the existing Haute instance indépendante de surveillance des élections (HIISE) defined by the  2016 constitution. The election was rescheduled for 12 December 2019 and ANIE, of disputed constitutional validity, announced five valid candidates on 2 November. In their 200000 strong protest on 1 November, Algerian protestors rejected the 12 December election and called for a radical change in the system to take place first. The Forces of the Democratic Alternative (FDA) alliance and the Justice and Development Front also called for boycotting the 12 December election, and the FDA called for creating a constituent assembly.
The 1960 Toledo Rockets football team was an American football team that represented Toledo University in the Mid-American Conference (MAC) during the 1960 NCAA University Division football season. In their first season under head coach Clive Rush, the Rockets compiled a 2–7 record (0–6 against MAC opponents) and finished in seventh place in the MAC.The team's statistical leaders included Jerry Stoltz with 277 passing yards, John Murray with 608 rushing yards, and Bob Smith with 268 receiving yards.
Double action (or double-action) refers to one of two systems in firearms where the trigger both cocks and releases the hammer.
Double-action only (DAO) firearms trigger: The trigger both cocks and releases the hammer. There is no single-action function and the hammer will return to its decocked position after each shot.
Double Action Kellerman (DAK): A variant of traditional double-action used on certain SIG Sauer semi-automatic pistols.  DAK triggers have a long stroke with 29 N (6.5 lbf) pull.  However, if a user shooting under stress short-strokes the trigger by only releasing it halfway, the trigger will reset, but with a 38 N (8.5 lbf) pull.  This temporary increased trigger pull is intended to prevent negligent discharges.
Traditional double-action – or double-action/single-action (DA/SA) – firearms trigger: The trigger combines the features of both a double-action only and a single-action only trigger.
With a revolver using this action, the hammer can be cocked first (single action), or the trigger can be pulled and it will cock and release the hammer (double action). Once the gun has fired, the hammer stays in the decocked position until the hammer is re-cocked (single action), or the trigger is pulled again (double action).
With a semi-automatic pistol using this action, the initial trigger pull will cock and release the hammer (double action). The firing mechanism automatically re-cocks the hammer after the gun is fired, such that each subsequent shot only requires the hammer to be released (single action). A decocker, if present on the pistol, can be used to return the hammer to its decocked position to prevent negligent discharges.
Kapıkaya Dam is a dam in Turkey. The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Painters Bluff is a cliff on the White River in southern Izard County, Arkansas. The elevation of Painters Bluff is 764 feet (233 m). The bluff rises above the north bank of the White River about one half mile east of the riverside community of Crocker. The river below the bluff is at an elevation of 280 feet.Variant names were "Painter Bluff" and "Penters Bluff".  According to tradition, the bluff was named after the local Penter family.
The Coastal Troops (СТs) are a service arm of the Russian Navy, designed to guard Russian fleets' forces, troops, population and seashore objects against exposure to enemy surface ships; to defend naval bases and other important facilities of the Fleets from the land, including against amphibious and air assaults; to be landed and act in the course of amphibious and air assaults; to support the Russian Ground Forces in the course of defence against airborne and amphibious assaults; to destroy surface ships, boats and amphibious transport means within the fire envelope.
Toad River/Mile 422 (Alaska Highway) Airport (TC LID: CBK7) is located adjacent to Toad River, British Columbia, Canada. The airport has one runway which is 3,000 by 80 ft (914 by 24 m).
Prince Norodom Kantol (Khmer: នរោត្តម កន្តុល; 15 September 1920 – 1976) was the 20th prime minister of Cambodia, serving from 1962 to 1966. He also served as foreign minister under the Sangkum government led by his cousin, Norodom Sihanouk. During the Khmer Republic regime of Lon Nol, he was imprisoned along with other members of the royal family.
Itiúba is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.
Parvioris is a genus of small ectoparasitic sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
The 1969 Blue Swords (German: Pokal der Blauen Schwerter) was an international senior-level figure skating competition organized in Karl-Marx-Stadt, East Germany. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. East Germany's Günter Zöller won his fourth consecutive Blue Swords title, defeating the Soviet Union's Vladimir Kovalev and teammate Jan Hoffmann. East Germans swept the ladies' podium, led by Sonja Morgenstern.
Soviet duo Lyudmila Smirnova / Andrei Suraikin outscored Manuela Groß / Uwe Kagelmann for gold in the pairs' event. In the ice  dancing category, future Olympic champions Lyudmila Pakhomova / Alexander Gorshkov won their third straight Blue Swords title. It was the last edition of the event that included ice dancing, prior to the 1990s.
Dying to Live is the second studio album by American rapper Kodak Black. It was released on December 14, 2018, via Atlantic Records. It follows his Heart Break Kodak mixtape, released earlier in 2018, as well as his previous mixtape, Project Baby 2: All Grown Up, the deluxe edition of his mixtape Project Baby 2, released in 2017. The album features guest appearances from Lil Pump, Travis Scott, Offset and Juice Wrld.
Procolophonoidea is an extinct superfamily of procolophonian parareptiles. Members were characteristically small, stocky, and lizard-like in appearance. Fossils have been found worldwide from many continents including Antarctica. The first members appeared during the Late Permian in the Karoo Basin of South Africa.
Bangkok Bank Football Club (Thai: สโมสรฟุตบอลธนาคารกรุงเทพ) was a defunct semi-professional Thai football club based in Bangkok from Bangkok Bank. Bangkok Bank FC was founded 1955 and played in the top Thai football division, the Thai Premier League. Their home stadium was Bangkok Bank Ground.
With 12 Championship Trophies, Bangkok Bank FC was one of the most successful clubs in Thailand.
Oink! is an Atari 2600  video game designed by Mike Lorenzen and released by Activision in 1983. Oink! is inspired by the fairy tale "The Three Little Pigs" and casts the player as a pig defending his home from a wolf bent on destroying it.
Teleology is a philosophical idea where natural phenomena are explained in terms of the purpose they serve, rather than the cause by which they arise.
Kant's writing on teleology is contained in the second part of the Critique of Judgment which was published in 1790. The Critique of Judgment is divided into two parts with the first part Critique of Aesthetic Judgement and the second being Critique of Teleological Judgement. Within the first part Kant discusses and presents his ideas on aesthetics and within the second part Kant discusses how teleology has a role in our understanding of natural systems and the natural sciences. Kant's moral philosophy is also concerned with ends but only in relation to humans, where he considers it to be wrong to use an individual merely as means. The Critique of Teleology is concerned with ends in nature and so this discussion of ends is broader than in Kant's moral philosophy.Kant's most remarkable claims within his description of natural teleology are that organisms must be regarded by human beings as “natural purposes” in the Analytic of Teleological Judgement and his arguments for how to reconcile his teleological idea of organisms with a mechanistic view of nature in Dialectic of Teleological Judgement.Kant's claims about teleology have influenced both contemporary biology and the philosophy of biology.
The Geraneia Tunnel (Greek: Σήραγγα Γεράνεια) is a tunnel on the Athens-Corinth section of the Olympia Odos motorway. Works began in 1999 as part of the construction of the Kakia Skala pass, one of the most dangerous road parts in Greece, with motorway standards. It was one of the first tunnels of the motorway. It was opened to traffic in July 2004, along with the rest of the motorway segment, in time for the Athens Olympics.
Geraldine Moodie (31 October 1854 – 4 October 1945) was a Canadian photographer who pioneered in capturing photos of early Canadian history. She is best known for her work with indigenous peoples in Northern Canada. Moodie is one of Canada's first professional female photographers. She opened photography studios in Battleford, Saskatchewan (1891), Maple Creek (1897), and Medicine Hat, Alberta (1897).
In the textile arts, a stitch  is a single turn or loop of thread, or yarn.  Stitches are the fundamental elements of sewing, knitting, embroidery, crochet, and needle lace-making, whether by hand or machine. A variety of stitches, each with one or more names, are used for specific purposes.
Grand Manner refers to an idealized aesthetic style derived from classicism and the art of the High Renaissance. In the eighteenth century, British artists and connoisseurs used the term to describe paintings that incorporated visual metaphors in order to suggest noble qualities. It was Sir Joshua Reynolds who gave currency to the term through his Discourses on Art, a series of lectures presented at the Royal Academy from 1769 to 1790, in which he contended that painters should perceive their subjects through generalization and idealization, rather than by the careful copy of nature.  Reynolds never actually uses the phrase, referring instead to the "great style" or "grand style", in reference to history painting:
How much the great style exacts from its professors to conceive and represent their subjects in a poetical manner, not confined to mere matter of fact, may be seen in the cartoons of Raffaelle.  In all the pictures in which the painter has represented the apostles, he has drawn them with great nobleness; he has given them as much dignity as the human figure is capable of receiving yet we are expressly told in Scripture they had no such respectable appearance; and of St. Paul in particular, we are told by himself, that his bodily presence was mean.  Alexander is said to have been of a low stature: a painter ought not so to represent him.  Agesilaus was low, lame, and of a mean appearance.  None of these defects ought to appear in a piece of which he is the hero.  In conformity to custom, I call this part of the art history painting; it ought to be called poetical, as in reality it is.Originally applied to history painting, regarded as the highest in the hierarchy of genres, the Grand Manner came thereafter also to be applied to portrait painting, with sitters depicted life size and full-length, in surroundings that conveyed the nobility and elite status of the subjects. Common metaphors included the introduction of classical architecture, signifying cultivation and sophistication, and pastoral backgrounds, which implied a virtuous character of unpretentious sincerity undefiled by the possession of great wealth and estates.
If Roman sculpture and Italian Renaissance painting provided the gestures for the genre, it was the court portraiture of Peter Paul Rubens and Anthony van Dyck that came to exemplify the urbane portrait style practised by Reynolds, Thomas Gainsborough, and Pompeo Batoni, and then in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries by Sir Thomas Lawrence, John Singer Sargent and Augustus John. In the late nineteenth century the rhetoric of the Grand Manner was adopted not only by the nouveaux riches, but by ambitious middle class sitters as well. When especially ostentatious in presentation, typically in full-length works, this has also been referred to as the swagger portrait.
Alessya Safronova (born 10 February 1986) is a Kazakhstani female volleyball player. 
She was part of the Kazakhstan women's national volleyball team. On club level she played for Iller Bankasi in 2013.
During the 2018 Asian Games she led the team to victory over Philippines, and despite an error, ended up scoring 11-25, 25-22, 15-25, 25-19, 14-16 with personal best being 13 markers.
The Alaska Time Zone observes standard time by subtracting nine hours from Coordinated Universal Time (UTC−09:00). During daylight saving time its time offset is eight hours (UTC−08:00). The clock time in this zone is based on mean solar time at the 135th meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory.
The zone includes nearly all of the U.S. state of Alaska and is one hour behind the Pacific Time Zone. 
daylight saving time: Alaska Daylight Time (AKDT)The western Aleutian Islands observe Hawaii–Aleutian Time, one hour behind the remainder of the state.
The largest city in the Alaskan Time Zone is Anchorage, Alaska. The Anchorage Metropolitan Area is the largest metropolitan area in the zone. 
Effective from 2007, the local time changes from AKST to AKDT at 02:00 LST to 03:00 LDT on the second Sunday in March and returns at 02:00 LDT to 01:00 LST on the first Sunday in November.
Stash Financial, Inc., or simply Stash, is an American financial technology and financial services company based in New York, NY. The company operates both a web platform and mobile apps, allowing users to incrementally invest small amounts. By summer 2017, it had approximately 1 million users. As of July 2020, the number has grown to over 5 million.
The Girls' Day Out Show is an event primarily for women who enjoy fashion, lifestyle and beauty. It is a similar concept to The Clothes Show Live. It was founded in 2009 and has been a growing convention every year, attracting over 16,000 visitors on average.
Operation Opossum was a World War II raid undertaken by Australia's Z Special Unit in 1945 on the island of Ternate near Borneo to rescue the Sultan of Ternate, Muhammad Jabir Syah.
The Great New Orleans Fire (1794) was a fire that destroyed 212 structures in New Orleans, Louisiana on December 8, 1794, in the area now known as the French Quarter from Burgundy to Chartres Street, almost to the riverfront buildings.
Another 856 buildings had been destroyed 6 years earlier, in the First Great New Orleans Fire on March 21, 1788.
Thomas Charles Farrer (16 December 1838 in London – 16 June 1891 in London) was an English-born painter and teacher of painting who also worked in the United States. Among his students was Francis Lathrop.
Assier is a railway station in Assier, Occitanie, France. The station is on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by Lunéa (night train) and TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
The action of 18 February 1639 was a naval battle of the Eighty Years' War fought off Dunkirk between a Dutch fleet under the command of Admiral Maarten Tromp and the Spanish Dunkirk Squadron under Miguel de Horna. Horna, who had orders to join with his ships Admiral Antonio de Oquendo's fleet at A Coruña, escorted at the same time a transport convoy carrying 2,000 Walloon soldiers to Spain, where they were needed. The attempt to exit Dunkirk was done in sight of the Dutch blockading squadron of Maarten Tromp. A 4-hour battle ensued and Horna was forced to retreat into Dunkirk leaving behind two of his galleons, whilst another ran aground. Despite his success in stopping the sortie, many of Tromp's ships suffered heavy damage, and the Dutch Admiral was forced to abandon the blockade. Therefore, De Horna, after repairing his squadron, was able to accomplish his mission.
Blasius To Una Turtavu (born 2 February 1925) was a Papua New Guinean musician. He composed hymns in his language Kuanua. He has been described as "probably the first Papua New Guinean music personality to receive attention from a wide public".
Geochorda is a monotypic genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Plantaginaceae. The only species is Geochorda glechomoides.Its native range is Southern Brazil to Northeastern Argentina.
Colombo Street is a main road of the city of Christchurch, New Zealand. It runs south-north through the centre of Christchurch with a break at Cathedral Square. As with many other central Christchurch streets, it is named for a colonial Anglican bishopric, Colombo, Sri Lanka in what at the time was known as Ceylon. Parts of the street which run through Sydenham were known as Addison Street during the 1880s, and some parts were known as Colombo Road.
Morgan Sindall Group plc (LSE: MGNS) is a leading British Construction & Regeneration group, headquartered in London employing around 6,700 employees and operating in the public, regulated and private sectors.  It reports through six divisions of Construction & Infrastructure, Fit Out, Property Services, Partnership Housing, Urban Regeneration and Investments.  It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Jamhuri Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Morogoro, Tanzania.  It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home venue for Moro United.  It currently holds 20,000 people.
Hartmut Geerken (15 January 1939 – 21 October 2021) was a German musician, composer, writer, journalist, playwright, and filmmaker.
The following is a list of chancellors, principals, and noted alumni and professors of McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
WUUQ is a radio station serving the Chattanooga, Tennessee area, broadcasting on three different frequencies. The main frequency is 97.3 MHz FM which is licensed to South Pittsburg, Tennessee, 99.3 FM, licensed to Lookout Mountain, Tennessee with the call-sign W257AZ.  The three numbers in the call letters of an FM translator indicate the frequency.  This station currently broadcasts a Classic Country format known as "Classic Country Q97.3★Q99.3". These stations are owned by Bahakel Communications. Libby Phillips is General Manager and Dale Mitchell is Operations Manager/Program Director.
WUUQ's studios are located on Broad Street in Chattanooga, and its transmitter is located in the far northeast corner of Alabama, just south of the Tennessee state line.
Clarencefield is a small village in Ruthwell Parish between Dumfries and Annan in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland. It was once served by Ruthwell railway station.
Marcus Chang Hei Yin (Chinese: 張熹延; born 6 April 2000) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hong Kong Premier League club Lee Man.
All My Best is a 1985 Ricky Nelson album. Although the record is a collection of greatest hits, it is not a compilation but a new studio recording. Nelson conceived the album for his own Silver Eagle label and promoted the record himself on late-night television.
Nelson recruited the Jordanaires to provide backing vocals, as well as familiar session musicians. Since Nelson's session musicians had not performed the songs for many years, some differences from the original recordings are audible on the album.
Ewa Mazierska (born 1964 in Włocławek, Poland) is a reader in Contemporary Cinema, in the Department of Humanities of the University of Central Lancashire. Her publications include various articles in Polish and English and a number of monographs. She also co-edited Relocating Britishness (co-authors: John Walton, Susan Sydney-Smith, and Steven Caunce; Manchester University Press, 2004).
1995; Ph.D., Lódz University, PolandFilm critic Michał Oleszczyk writes she is one of the two Poland-born scholars leading the field of Polish films studies outside Poland (the other one being Marek Haltof).
John Keiran Barry Moylan Nicholas (1919–2002) was a British legal scholar. He was Professor of Comparative Law at the University of Oxford from 1971 to 1978, and Principal of Brasenose College, Oxford from 1978 to 1989.
Simon Majola (born 1968), known as The Bruma Lake Killer, is a South African robber and serial killer who, with accomplice Themba Nkosi, was responsible for the killings of at least 8 people in the vicinity of the Bruma Lake in Bruma, Gauteng. Majola was given 8 life sentences, and is currently imprisoned.
The Stripping of the Altars: Traditional Religion in England, 1400–1580 is a work of history written by Eamon Duffy and published in 1992 by Yale University Press.  It received the Longman-History Today Book of the Year Award.
The Deep Six were an American folk rock, sunshine pop and psychedelic band from San Diego, California. They are best-remembered for their self-titled album released in 1966 on Liberty Records.
The Deep Six started out as a folk trio in San Diego California, before adding members to their roster and expending into full electric band. They were a predominantly male group backing a female vocalist sometimes referred to as "Miss Dean Cannon." They did a seventeen-week stint as the house band at the Land of Oden, a folk club located in La Mesa, which co-owned by their co-manager, Ken Mansfield.They would release a single for Liberty Records, a subsidiary of Capitol Records, featuring the song "Rising Sun" on which Jim Messina of Buffalo Springfield contributed a guitar part. The band promoted the song on both "American Bandstand" and "Where the Action Is" in 1965 and 1966 respectively. The Deep Six went on to record a self-titled album for Liberty, in which many of Los Angeles' finest session musicians played parts. The album included the Cannon sung take on Bob Lind's "Unlock the Door", as well as covers of the Rolling Stones' "Paint it Black" and Neil Diamond's "Solitary Man". It featured a photograph of the band running along the waters' edge of a California beach. The album and the band's subsequent singles failed to chart. Original member, Dave Gray departed and was replaced by Barry Kane, previously in the New Christy Minstrels and a duo with Barry McGuire. Eventually the group broke up. Their manager, Ken Mansfield, went on to become an executive at Capitol Records and would become the first U.S. manager for the Beatles' Apple label in 1968. Bass player Dann Lottermoser would go on to join Stone Country, a country rock band, who recorded an album for RCA, and included the presence of singer-songwriter Steve Young.The album, The Deep Six, was reissued for CD in 2003, by Rev-Ola Records, and included not only songs from the original album, but five additional bonus tracks.
Quantez is a 1957 American CinemaScope Western film directed by Harry Keller and starring Fred MacMurray and Dorothy Malone.
A wedding Bible is a Bible either used for officiating in some wedding ceremonies, or a special edition gift presented to the couple. Oxford University Press produced The Oxford Wedding Bible in 2003.
José de Orejón y Aparicio (Huacho 1706?-Lima, May 1765), was a Hispanic American (Spanish) composer. He was organist at Lima Cathedral. He studied in Lima, first with Tomás de Torrejón y Velasco, and then with Roque Ceruti.
Phymorhynchus cingulatus, common name the ringed turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
Sir James Laurence Cotter, 3rd Baronet (1782 – 31 December 1834) was an Anglo-Irish politician and baronet.
Cotter was the son of Sir James Laurence Cotter, 2nd Baronet and Isabella Hingston, and the grandson of Sir James Cotter. In the 1812 United Kingdom general election, he was elected as the Member of Parliament for Mallow, and he held the seat until 1818. On 9 February 1829, he succeeded to his father's baronetcy.
He married Helena Tryndall Lombard, daughter of Major James Lombard and Ann Becher, on 1 January 1820. Cotter was succeeded in his title his son, also called James.
This is a list of cities in Portugal. In Portugal, a city (Portuguese: cidade) is an honorific term given to locations that meet several criteria, such as having a minimum number of inhabitants, good infrastructure (schools, medical care, cultural and sports facilities), or have a major historical importance. The country's demographic expansion of the 1980s prompted the elevation of several towns to city status and, as of 2018, 159 locations in Portugal are considered a city.
The IIE's Varsity College is an educational brand of The Independent Institute of Education (The IIE). The IIE is the most accredited private higher education provider in SA and it is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training.
The 2017–18 Maryland Terrapins men's basketball team represented the University of Maryland, College Park in the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. They were led by seventh-year head coach Mark Turgeon and played their home games at Xfinity Center in College Park, Maryland, as members of the Big Ten Conference. They finished the season 19–13, 8–10 in Big Ten play to finish in eighth place. They lost in the second round of the Big Ten Tournament to Wisconsin. They were invited to the College Basketball Invitational, but declined, marking their absence in a postseason tournament for the first time since 2014.
Maryland’s poor season was quite a surprise to many considering they had their three four-star recruits(Kevin Huerter, Anthony Cowan, Jr., and Justin Jackson) return from last year including getting two four-star recruits in Bruno Fernando and Darryl Morsell). They started off looking alright going 13-3(though not terribly challenging wins , but their three loses were for a combined 9 points against three later at large tournament teams in big ten rival Purdue, St. Bonaventure, and Syracuse) before losing ten of their next fifteen.
This page lists the winners and nominees for the British Academy Television Award for Best Female Comedy Performance, since its institution in 2009.
The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for film, television, children's film and television, and interactive media.
Since 2009 (presented in 2010), the British Academy Television Awards has presented two awards for comedy performance, the BAFTA TV Award for Best Female Comedy Performance and the BAFTA TV Award for Best Male Comedy Performance. Before 2009 there was one award for Best Comedy Performance. Jessica Hynes is the only actress who has received this award more than one, with two wins.
The 2018 Ambalapattu violence refers to the violence on New Year's Eve of 2018 in a Dalit settlement in the village of Ambalapattu, Tamil Nadu. The settlement was attacked by dominant caste villagers during the New year celebrations by the Dalit community. Around 80 dominant caste villagers damaged Dalit homes, motor-bikes and properties. 8 Dalits were injured and 4 were admitted to the hospital.
The attacks led to protests and road blocks by thousands of villagers and political parties across the state to bring the attackers to justice.
6 men from the dominant caste community were arrested in the next two days for the violence.
Until 2017, laws related to LGBT+ couples adopting children varied by state. Some states granted full adoption rights to same-sex couples, while others banned same-sex adoption or only allowed one partner in a same-sex relationship to adopt the biological child of the other. Despite these rulings, LGBT+ people and same-sex couples still face discrimination when attempting to foster children.On 31 March 2016, Federal District Court struck down Mississippi's ban on same-sex couple adoptions. On June 26, 2017, the United States Supreme Court reversed an Arkansas Supreme Court ruling that allowed a law listing parents by gender on birth certificates to stand. The new SCOTUS ruling allowed both same-sex spouses to be listed on birth certificates. These court rulings made adoption by same-sex couples legal in all 50 states.
Attitudes toward same-sex parenting have improved as the number of same-sex couples and same-sex parenting overall has increased in the United States. From 2007 to 2011, public condemnation of same-sex parenting in the U.S. dropped from 50% to 35%, while acceptance has remained relatively stable.
Gary Rohan (born 7 June 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), having been initially drafted to the Sydney Swans.
Gavltoppane (The Gable Summits) is a ridge with three peaks in Wedel Jarlsberg Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. They are located south in the Martinfjella mountain range, north of Dolomittpasset and Dolomittfjellet. The western peak is 888 m.a.s.l., the middle peak is 801, and the eastern peak is 718 m.a.s.l.
Married in Hollywood (1929) is an American musical film. The only footage known to survive is the final reel, filmed in Multicolor, held by the UCLA Film and Television Archive. The film is based on two Oscar Straus operettas.
Khaneqah-e Sofla (Persian: خانقاه سفلي, also Romanized as 'Khāneqāh-e Soflá) is a village in Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 475, in 130 families.
Snape is a large village in the civil parish of Snape with Thorp in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England, located about 3 miles (5 km) south of Bedale and 3 miles west of the A1, it has a population of 350. Nearby is Thorp Perrow Arboretum. The name is Old Norse for a boggy tract of uncultivated land.
Rafael dos Santos de Oliveira (born 30 June 1987), commonly known as Rafinha, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker.
Rafinha scored in the final as Ulsan Hyundai defeated Al-Ahli of Saudi Arabia to win the 2012 AFC Champions League. He subsequently represented Ulsan Hyundai in the 2012 FIFA Club World Cup, playing in both matches and earning recognition in FIFA's official technical report.
The Man in the Black Derby (German: Der Herr mit der schwarzen Melone) is a 1960 Swiss comedy film directed by Karl Suter. It features the film debut of Bruno Ganz, who played a hotel employee.
Bishnupur (also spelled Vishnupur) is a community development block (CD block) that forms an administrative division in the Bishnupur subdivision of the Bankura district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Richard Gonda (born 14 March 1994, in Banská Bystrica) is a professional racing driver from Slovakia.
Ignatz von Popiel, a.k.a. Ignacy Popiel (1863–1941), Polish (Galician) chess master
Jan Popiel (born 1947), Danish-Canadian ice hockey player, brother of Poul
Poul Popiel (born 1943), Canadian-Danish former ice hockey player, brother of Jan
The 1909 Trinity Bantams football team represented the Trinity College during the 1909 college football season.
Harmonic Vector Excitation Coding, abbreviated as HVXC is a speech coding algorithm specified in MPEG-4 Part 3 (MPEG-4 Audio) standard for very low bit rate speech coding. HVXC supports bit rates of 2 and 4 kbit/s in the fixed and variable bit rate mode and sampling frequency 8 kHz. It also operates at lower bitrates, such as 1.2 - 1.7 kbit/s, using a variable bit rate technique. The total algorithmic delay for the encoder and decoder is 36 ms.It was published as subpart 2 of ISO/IEC 14496-3:1999 (MPEG-4 Audio) in 1999. An extended version of HVXC was published in MPEG-4 Audio Version 2 (ISO/IEC 14496-3:1999/Amd 1:2000).MPEG-4 Natural Speech Coding Tool Set uses two algorithms: HVXC and CELP (Code Excited Linear Prediction). HVXC is used at a low bit rate of 2 or 4 kbit/s. Higher bitrates than 4 kbit/s in addition to 3.85 kbit/s are covered by CELP.
The Mirchi Music Award for Upcoming Female Vocalist of The Year is given yearly by Radio Mirchi as a part of its annual Mirchi Music Awards for Hindi films, to recognise a female vocalist who has delivered an outstanding performance in a film song.
The Red Summer is the first special extended play and the fifth overall by South Korean girl group Red Velvet. Marketed as the group's first "special summer" release, the five-track EP was released digitally on July 9, 2017 and physically the following day by SM Entertainment. Primarily a dance-pop and EDM record, it is the second major release from Red Velvet to focus solely on their "red" concept, following their debut studio album The Red (2015). It was later proceeded by Summer Magic as both the second "special summer" extended play and the third major "red" release.
The Red Summer received positive reviews from music critics, who complimented its showcasing of the group's "bright and vivid" side. It was a commercial success, becoming the group's sixth consecutive Gaon Album Chart topper and their third to debut atop the Billboard World Albums chart, thus setting the record for the most number-one albums among K-pop girl groups at the time. The EP spawned the single "Red Flavor", and has since become one of the group's signature songs.
Gukjeh (Persian: گوكجه, also Romanized as Gūkjeh; also known as Būkcheh) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,390, in 288 families.
The Hungarian-Turkish Friendship Park (Hungarian: Magyar-Török Barátság Park, Turkish: Macar-Türk Dostluk Parkı) is a public park in Csertő, southwestern Hungary, dedicated in memorial to the Battle of Szigetvár fought in 1566 between the Ottoman Empire and the Hungarian and Croatian defenders of the Szigetvár Castle. The park was established in 1994 and opened jointly by Hungarian and Turkish officials.
Austin Stowell (born December 24, 1984) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in Dolphin Tale, its sequel Dolphin Tale 2, Love and Honor (2013), Whiplash (2014), and as Francis Gary Powers in Steven Spielberg's Bridge of Spies (2015).
Saybrook Township is one of the twenty-seven townships of Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 9,853 people in the township.
First National Bank Stadium or simply FNB Stadium, also known as Soccer City and The Calabash, is an association football (soccer) and Rugby union stadium located in Nasrec, bordering the Soweto area of Johannesburg, South Africa. The venue is managed by Stadium Management South Africa (SMSA) and is a home of Kaizer Chiefs F.C. in the South African Premier Soccer League as well as key fixtures for the South African national football team.
It is located next to the South African Football Association headquarters (SAFA House) where both the FIFA offices and the Local Organising Committee for the 2010 FIFA World Cup were housed. Designed as the main association football stadium for the World Cup, the FNB Stadium became the largest stadium in Africa with a capacity of 94,736. However, its maximum capacity during the 2010 FIFA World Cup was 84,490 due to reserved seating for the press and other VIPs. The stadium is also known by its nickname "The Calabash" due to its resemblance to the African pot or gourd.
It was the site of Nelson Mandela's first speech in Johannesburg after his release from prison in 1990, and served as the venue for a memorial service to him on 10 December 2013. It was also the site of Chris Hani's funeral. It was also the venue for the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final, which was played by the Netherlands and Spain. The World Cup closing ceremony on the day of the final saw the final public appearance of Mandela.
Syrian Kurdistan is a Kurdish-inhabited area in northern Syria surrounding three noncontiguous enclaves along the Turkish and Iraqi borders: Afrin in the northwest, Kobani in the north, and Jazira in the northeast.
Syrian Kurdistan is often called Western Kurdistan or Rojava, one of the four "Lesser Kurdistans" that comprise "Greater Kurdistan", alongside Iranian Kurdistan, Turkish Kurdistan, and Iraqi Kurdistan.The historian and political scientist Matthieu Cimino has stated that: "Rojava" (Syrian Kurdistan) is part of a mythology of pan-Kurdish unity which does not constitute a political objective for the Syrian Kurds in itself, but is rather a "cultural abstract"".
Meerbeck is a municipality in the district of Schaumburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Alfred Brian Palmer MBE, DSC (27 March 1899 Redfern, New South Wales – 4 July 1993 Clearwater, Florida) was a Royal Navy Reserve captain and near the end of his career was the commander of the shore base HMS Furneaux in Brisbane. He is known for his bravery in breaking the German blockade of Tobruk in the Second World War with his small schooner Maria Giovanni. During the Second World War he was wounded several times and finally taken prisoner by the Germans, from whom he attempted numerous escapes. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross in 1941 for "courage, skill and devotion to duty in operations off the Libyan coast", and made a Member of the Order of the British Empire in 1944.
Canaday Power Station is a 119 (MW) natural gas power plant owned and operated by Nebraska Public Power District, located near Lexington, Nebraska. It was constructed in 1958 by Central Nebraska Public Power and Irrigation. It was acquired by NPPD in 1995, who "mothballed" the power plant (i.e. removed it from use, but maintained it so that it could be used as needed).
The following is a list of symbols of the U.S. state of Kansas.
Pascal Gnazzo (5 November 1920 – 28 August 2019) was a French racing cyclist. He rode in the 1947 Tour de France.
Diyarbakır Province (Turkish: Diyarbakır ili, Zazaki: Suke Diyarbekır Kurdish: Parêzgeha Amedê), is a province in southeastern Turkey. The province covers an area of 15,355 km2 and its population is 1,528,958. The provincial capital is the city of Diyarbakır. The province has a Kurdish majority and is considered part of Turkish Kurdistan.
Cychrus cavazzutti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 2001.
The 1922–23 season was the 31st season of The Football League.
Windsor Ruins are in Claiborne County, Mississippi, United States, about 10 miles (16 km) southwest of Port Gibson near Alcorn State University. The ruins consist of 23 standing Corinthian columns of the largest antebellum Greek Revival mansion ever built in the state.  The mansion stood from 1861 to 1890, when it was destroyed by fire. The 2.1-acre (0.85 ha) site with the columns was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971 and was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 1985.
The eastern spiny mouse  or Arabian spiny mouse (Acomys dimidiatus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. They have a wide range, having been found in Middle Eastern deserts, as well as being prevalent in riverine forests in Africa.  This is the only species of spiny mouse which may have black coloration.  Their diet is similar to other species of spiny mouse, consisting mostly of seeds.
India Navigation was an American record company and independent record label that specialized in avant-garde jazz in the 1970s and 1980s. It was founded by Bob Cummins, a corporate lawyer who helped jazz musicians with legal matters. Its catalogue included Arthur Blythe, Hamiet Bluiett, Chico Freeman, Cecil McBee, and the Revolutionary Ensemble. In addition to this, some recordings of minimal music, such as Arnold Dreyblatt, Phill Niblock and Joseph Celli, or Tom Johnson, also appeared.
Tazewell is an unincorporated community in Marion County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Onezhsky Uyezd (Онежский уезд) was one of the subdivisions of the Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian Empire. It was situated in the western part of the governorate. Its administrative centre was Onega.
The Europe/Africa Zone was one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 2000.
In the Europe/Africa Zone there were four different tiers, called groups, in which teams competed against each other to advance to the upper tier. The top two teams in Group III advanced to the Europe/Africa Zone Group II in 2001, whereas the bottom two teams were relegated to the Europe/Africa Zone Group IV in 2001.
A still life (plural: still lifes) is a work of art depicting mostly inanimate subject matter, typically commonplace objects which are either natural (food, flowers, dead animals, plants, rocks, shells, etc.) or man-made (drinking glasses, books, vases, jewelry, coins, pipes, etc.).With origins in the Middle Ages and Ancient Greco-Roman art, still-life painting emerged as a distinct genre and professional specialization in Western painting by the late 16th century, and has remained significant since then. One advantage of the still-life artform is that it allows an artist much freedom to experiment with the arrangement of elements within a composition of a painting. Still life, as a particular genre, began with Netherlandish painting of the 16th and 17th centuries, and the English term still life derives from the Dutch word stilleven.  Early still-life paintings, particularly before 1700, often contained religious and allegorical symbolism relating to the objects depicted. Later still-life works are produced with a variety of media and technology, such as found objects, photography, computer graphics, as well as video and sound.
The term includes the painting of dead animals, especially game. Live ones are considered animal art, although in practice they were often painted from dead models. Because of the use of plants and animals as a subject, the still-life category also shares commonalities with zoological and especially botanical illustration. However, with visual or fine art, the work is not intended merely to illustrate the subject correctly.
Still life occupied the lowest rung of the hierarchy of genres, but has been extremely popular with buyers.  As well as the independent still-life subject, still-life painting encompasses other types of painting with prominent still-life elements, usually symbolic, and "images that rely on a multitude of still-life elements ostensibly to reproduce a 'slice of life'".  The trompe-l'œil painting, which intends to deceive the viewer into thinking the scene is real, is a specialized type of still life, usually showing inanimate and relatively flat objects.
"Black Butterfly" is a song written by the song-writing duo Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil in 1982, and most famously recorded by American recording artist Deniece Williams. The Williams recording was released in 1984 for Columbia Records and is on her 1984 album Let's Hear it for the Boy. The B-side of her single is a song called "Blind Dating", another album feature.
The single peaked at number 22 on the Billboard Hot Soul Songs chart.
Koumséogo is a town in the Salogo Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,589.
George Reynolds Gill (1828 in Hereford, Herefordshire – 1904) was a noted English portrait painter.
07 zgłoś się (07 Come In) was a popular Polish criminal television series broadcast on TVP i from November 25, 1976 to May 25, 1989. The series consists of twenty-one 50- to 100-minute episodes, divided into five seasons – filmed in 1976, 1978, 1981, 1984 and 1987, respectively. It combines elements of action film and police procedural genres.
Directed by Krzysztof Szmagier, it centers on the investigations of Police (Milicja Obywatelska) Lieutenant Sławomir Borewicz (played by Bronisław Cieślak). Each episode features a different case being solved by Lieutenant Borewicz. The series was loosely based on a novel series Ewa wzywa 07 (Ewa calls 07). The title of both the novels and the TV series refers to "Zero-Seven", a police radio call-sign used by Borewicz. The show shared a number of similarities, and one complete storyline, with the comic book series Kapitan Żbik (Captain Żbik).
The theme tune was written by Polish composer Wlodzimierz Korcz, who also scored the show. Later seasons also used additional themes, composed by Andrzej Korzyński.
Despite being widely considered a work of propaganda aimed at warming the image of "Citizen's Militia", the series proved highly popular in Poland and even gained a cult following. Critics consider it "one of the biggest achievements of Polish crime drama" the "raw and realist response to Bond", and "the most popular Polish police series ever".In 2012, the screenplays used for the show were adapted as a series of e-books by director Krzysztof Szmagier.
The Saint-Étienne Church (French: Église Saint-Étienne d'Entrammes) is a church in Entrammes, Mayenne, France.
The 2017 Annapolis mayoral election was held November 7, 2017 in Annapolis, Maryland. Mike Pantelides, the incumbent mayor, ran for a second term as Mayor. Democratic nominee Gavin Buckley won the election with 61.06% of the vote, becoming the city's next mayor.
Felsőtárkány Sport Club is a professional football club based in Felsőtárkány; Heves County, Hungary. The club competes in the Heves county league.
Footsteps in the Light is a compilation album of songs by Yusuf Islam (formerly known as Cat Stevens) spanning the years from 1981 to 2004 after his conversion to Islam. It shows a major shift in his musical focus, and demonstrates Yusuf Islam's journey from that of a pop star to a Muslim performer, who began a slow return to recording music, beginning with a song written for his daughter Hasannah, "A is for Allah", after finding that few children's songs were available not just to entertain, but to acquaint young people with Islamic teachings. During this period, Yusuf employed only the use of voice and drums in recording these songs, due to a lack of consensus among the Islamic community regarding whether the use of musical instruments were permitted. Other than the songs written, Yusuf recorded nasheeds, spoken word, and Muslim prayers, as with the traditional call to prayer, the Aḏhān. Yusuf added his own touches to a very old Middle Eastern folk song, Tala'al Badru Alayna, adding a Western folk sound with melody and harmonics, and translating some of the verses into English from the original Arabic, so that the song might be understood in more than one language.
In addition to the newer songs, Yusuf Islam added some of his popular hits from the 1970s, when he was a singer-songwriter in the folk rock genre. The songs from that time are "Peace Train", "Wild World", and "The Wind".
The album includes a 24-page song booklet of lyrics along with comments from Yusuf about each track.
The Fung Brothers are a Chinese-American duo consisting of comedians and rappers Andrew Fung (born March 30, 1988) and David Fung (born September 1, 1986), who are brothers born and raised in Kent, Washington, They are best known for their YouTube videos regarding NBA player Jeremy Lin, Asian cuisine, and the "626" area of the San Gabriel Valley. They also have a TV show on A&E Network's FYI channel entitled Broke Bites: What the Fung?! Much of their content revolves around Asian American subject matter.With Grandmaster Jason Chu, Andrew and David formed a rap group known as "Model Minority", which has released a mixtape titled Model Minority Report that has been reviewed favorably in The Los Angeles Times. In the rap group, Andrew Fung's stage name is Inglish and David Fung's is D-One. They graduated from University of Washington.
Gjogovicë is a village in the former municipality of Gjerbës in Berat County, Albania. At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Skrapar.
Richard Park (Korean name: Bak Yong-Su, Hangul: 박용수; born May 27, 1976) is a South Korean-born American former professional ice hockey forward who played 14 National Hockey League (NHL) seasons with six different teams. He was formerly a player development coach for the Minnesota Wild organization. Park is currently the assistant coach of the South Korea men's national ice hockey team under head coach Jim Paek.
Arkansas City (, Ioway: Ñíhga Chína, pronounced [NYEE hgah CHEE nah], lit. "White water town") is a city in Cowley County, Kansas, United States, situated at the confluence of the Arkansas and Walnut rivers in the southwestern part of the county.  As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 11,974.  The name of this city is not pronounced like the nearby state of Arkansas, but rather as  (the final "s" is pronounced). Over the years there has been much confusion about the regional pronunciation of "Arkansas", which locals render as  rather than .  Throughout much of Kansas, residents use this alternative pronunciation when referring to the Arkansas River, as well as Arkansas Street in the city of Wichita.
The Museum of Sugar (in Brazilian Portuguese: Museu do Açúcar) was a museum devoted to the history of the sugar industry in Brazil. It was envisioned by Gil de Methódio Maranhão and created on August 3, 1960 by Resolution 1745 of the Institute of Sugar and Alcohol (IAA).
The first exhibition was in Rio de Janeiro at IAA headquarters. The museum was relocated to Recife on January 30, 1961  and into its own building as the O Açúcar e o Homem (Sugar and Man) exhibit in October 1963. The museum was designed by Carlos Antônio Falcão Correia Lima in the Casa Forte neighbourhood. The landscaping was planned by agronomist Dárdano de Andrade Lima. Aloísio Magalhães organized sugarcane plantings in a design with a vertical mill-stone from the Vila da Rainha Plantation in Rio de Janeiro and a horizontal mill-stone from the Camaragibe Plantation in Pernambuco. The museum acquired an extensive collection of memorabilia and artifacts. Conferences and courses were hosted and the Revista do Museu do Açúcar (Museum of Sugar Magazine) was published from 1968 until 1973. Authors of articles included José Antônio Gonsalves de Mello, Ariano Suassuna, Fernando Pio, and Jayme Griz.
The Sugar Museum and its holdings were acquired by the Joaquim Nabuco Institute for Social Research, which is now the Joaquim Nabuco Foundation. The museum and all its patrimony were transferred to the Institute through Law nº 6.456 on 26 October 1977. The museum became the Joaquim Nabuco Foundation's Museum of the Northeast Man, where the archives from the sugar museum are held.
Arc the Lad (アークザラッド, Āku za raddo) is a series of tactical role-playing games created by Toshiro Tsuchida and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. Each Arc the Lad game often features recurring characters and locations, as well as a consistent timeline. Most of the stories in the series involves a cast of characters battling against the forces of an evil organization or empire, with monsters attacking the world alongside them. The series features a similar strategy-like battle system, which all games except Arc the Lad: End of Darkness, follow.  
The series began with the release of Arc the Lad in 1995 exclusively for the PlayStation, followed up by a sequel a year later. Alongside seven other released games after II, the Arc the Lad series has also branched into other media such as manga, anime, and novels. 
Though the series enjoyed huge success in Japan, often regarded as a staple RPG of its generation in the region, Western sales and overall knowledge of the series are low due to its obscurity. This is due to the first three Arc the Lad games not being released outside of Japan until the Arc the Lad Collection was released by Working Designs in 2002, which was followed by Twilight of the Spirits in 2003 and End of Darkness in 2005.
The 2019 Suzuki Polish Basketball Cup (Polish: Puchar Polski 2019) was the 55th edition of Poland's national cup competition for men basketball teams. It was managed by the Polish Basketball League (PLK) and was held in Warsaw, in the Arena Ursynów for the third time in a row in February 2019. BM Slam Stal Ostrów Wielkopolski won its first-ever Cup title in club history.
Sentinel-1 is the first of the Copernicus Programme satellite constellation conducted by the European Space Agency. This mission is composed of a constellation of two satellites, Sentinel-1A and Sentinel-1B, which share the same orbital plane. They carry a C-band synthetic-aperture radar instrument which provides a collection of data in all-weather, day or night. This instrument has a spatial resolution of down to 5 m and a swath of up to 400 km. The constellation is on a sun synchronous, near-polar (98.18°) orbit. The orbit has a 12-day repeat cycle and completes 175 orbits per cycle.
The first satellite, Sentinel-1A, launched on 3 April 2014, and Sentinel-1B was launched on 25 April 2016. Both satellites lifted off from the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana, and each on a Soyuz rocket. Sentinel-1C and 1D are in development with Sentinel-1C set for launch in 2023.There are a wide range of applications for the data collected via the Sentinel-1 mission. A few of these uses include sea and land monitoring, emergency response due to environmental disasters, and economic applications. A major goal of the mission was to provide C-Band SAR data. Recently, Sentinel-1 has worked in conjunction with SMAP to help achieve a more accurate measure of soil moisture estimates. Observations from both instruments show to be complementary of each other as they combine data of soil moisture contents.
The ESA and European Commission's policies makes Sentinel-1's data easily accessible. Various users can acquire the data and use it for public, scientific, or commercial purposes for free.
Ischnochiton elongatus, the lengthened chiton or elongate chiton, is a species of chiton in the family Ischnochitonidae.
Bütschwil railway station (German: Bahnhof Bütschwil) is a railway station in Bütschwil-Ganterschwil, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen. It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Ebnat-Kappel line and is served by local trains only.
The Highlands Current is a New York State weekly newspaper located in Cold Spring, New York. Currently owned and managed by a nonprofit corporation, Highlands Current Inc., the current publication was founded in 2010, and it "serves to provide readers a balanced reporting of news and events."Edited by Chip Rowe, The Highlands Current provides two ways to access their news, through their official website and their print edition. Since its 2010 founding, it has won over 45 awards and has published over 8,000 articles. the office is located at 142 Main Street in Cold Spring.
In racing, Did Not Finish (DNF) denotes a participant who does not finish a given race, either because of a mechanical failure, negative thoughts or mental distress, injury, or involvement in an accident. The term is used in:
Automotive racing such as NASCAR; IndyCar; off-road racing, including buggy, trucks, kart, and UTVs, both desert  and short-track;
Race participants try to avoid receiving a DNF, as some associate it with a negative stigma.
Propaganda in the Republic of China refers to propaganda used by the Republic of China government and has been an important tool since its inception in 1912. The term xuanchuan (Chinese: 宣傳 "propaganda; publicity") can have either a neutral connotation in official government contexts or a pejorative connotation in informal contexts. Some xuanchuan collocations usually refer to "propaganda" (e.g., xuānchuánzhàn 宣傳戰 "propaganda war"), others to "publicity" (xuānchuán méijiè 宣傳媒介 "mass media; means of publicity"), and still others are ambiguous (xuānchuányuán 宣傳員 "propagandist; publicist"). It also was an important tool in legitimizing the Kuomintang controlled Republic of China government that retreated from Mainland China to Taiwan in 1949.
Nagle College is an independent Roman Catholic co-educational secondary day school located in Bairnsdale in the East Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.
Dindymene is an extinct genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida. It contains two species, D. didymograpti, and D. hughesiae.
Creightons Plc is a manufacturer of consumer goods headquartered in Peterborough, United Kingdom, whose shares are listed on the FTSE Fledgling Index. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1987. It manufactures and markets personal care and beauty products for the consumer and trade market.
Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions (MSCA) is a set of major research fellowships created by the European Union/European Commission to support research in the European Research Area (ERA). The Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions are among Europe's most competitive and prestigious research and innovation fellowships.Established in 1996 as Marie Curie Actions and known since 2014 as Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions, they aim to foster the career development and further training of researchers at all career stages. The Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions promote interdisciplinary research and international collaborations, supporting scientists from not only within Europe but also across the globe.
Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions are currently financed through the eighth Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development (called Horizon 2020) and belong to the so-called 'first pillar' of Horizon2020: "Excellent Science." Through this funding scheme, the Research Executive Agency (REA) has devoted over €6 billion to the Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions between 2014 and 2020.
Since the launch of the programme in 1996, over 100,000 researchers had received MSCA grants by March 2017. To mark this milestone, the European Commission selected thirty highly-promising researchers (who achieved the highest evaluation scores in 2016) to showcase the EU's actions dedicated to excellence and worldwide mobility in research.Marie Skłodowska-Curie is the Polish-French namesake of the programme and was the first female Nobel prize winner. The only person to win a Nobel Prize for contributions in two different sciences (physics and chemistry), she was also the first — and only woman — to have been awarded a Nobel Prize twice.
Vyskočil (feminine Vyskočilová) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Agneta Åse Fältskog (born 5 April 1950), known as Agnetha Fältskog (Swedish pronunciation: [aŋˈnêːta ˈfɛ̂ltskuːɡ] (listen)),  is a Swedish singer, songwriter, musician and actress. She first achieved success in Sweden with the release of her 1968 self-titled debut album, and later achieved international stardom in the 1970s as a member of the pop group ABBA. The group has sold over 180 million albums and singles worldwide, making it one of the best-selling music acts in history.After the unofficial break-up of ABBA in December 1982, Fältskog found renewed success later in the decade as a solo artist with three albums and a leading role in a movie. She became reclusive in the 1990s, avoiding outside publicity and residing on the Stockholm County island of Ekerö.Fältskog stopped recording music for 16 years until she released a new album, My Colouring Book, in 2004. She returned again in 2013 with A, her highest UK charting solo album to date. ABBA since has reformed, and Fältskog has resumed her previous role with the group.
"The Defenders" is a 1953 science fiction novelette by American author Philip K. Dick, and the basis for Dick's 1964 novel The Penultimate Truth.  It is one of several of his stories to be expanded into a novel.  The story was first published in the January 1953 issue of Galaxy Science Fiction.
In 1956, the story was adapted for the radio program X Minus One by George Lefferts.
Samuel Dillon Jackson (May 28, 1895 – March 8, 1951) was an American attorney and politician from Indiana. He was the Attorney General of Indiana from 1940 to 1941, and briefly served as a  United States Senator in 1944.
Susan Marshall is an American folk rock, pop and soul vocalist, pianist, songwriter and recording artist.  She is best known for her work with Mother Station, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Lenny Kravitz, The Afghan Whigs, Primal Scream, North Mississippi Allstars, Lucinda Williams, Ana Popović and Katharine McPhee.
After completing high school in Memphis Tennessee and attending theatre school, Marshall was engaged by the year-round Off-Broadway repertory company, Light Opera of Manhattan, where she performed leading roles in operettas for nearly six years.  In 1990, she returned to Memphis, where she co-founded a band, Mother Station, began writing songs and soon became a backup vocalist for well-known artists, contributing vocals to dozens of albums.  Her songs and collaborations have been recorded by well-known artists, and she has released three well regarded solo albums.
Independence Manor is a Victorian/Gothic revival style home built in Sunnyside, Staten Island, New York in 1897.  It has been home to an all-girls private school in the late nineteenth century, and was a boarding house in the 1920s and 1930s.  It was later occupied by a law firm called Castorina & Associates, P.C.
Makutupora is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 and 2012 census., the ward has a total population of 15,683.
The Hook Continental was a passenger train running between London's Liverpool Street Station and Harwich Parkeston Quay where it connected with the night  ferry sailing to the Hook of Holland in the Netherlands. It was introduced as a named express by the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) in 1927, and was part of the marketing strategy pushing the concept of almost seamless travel from London overnight to numerous European destinations utilising the company's own ships and the rail connections from the Hook of Holland.
The following is an incomplete list of fictional characters featured in the books and stories of P. G. Wodehouse, by series, in alphabetical order by series name. Due to overlap between the various classifications of Wodehouse's work, some characters appear more than once.
Voices of Fire is a 2020 gospel musical documentary television series that follows Pharrell Williams, his uncle Bishop Ezekiel Williams, and their team of gospel leaders as they travel to Pharrell's hometown of Hampton Roads, Virginia, in search of talented singers to build a world class gospel choir.The 6-episode series produced by A. Smith & Co. and I Am Other and was released on Netflix on November 20, 2020.
Peter Foster (born 27 July 1960) is an Australian sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1980s. He won the bronze medal in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
His mother Elizabeth and father John also had two other children. Catherine and Margot Foster.
Foster was the second child and grew up in Melbourne, Australia where he still resides.
Foster first became enthusiastic about canoeing while a member at the Anglesea Surf Life Saving Club at approximately the age of 14.
Foster now armed with a passion for competing later moved on to compete for the Torquay Surf Life Saving Club.
Foster's father John competed for Australia in water polo at the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics. His sister Margot won a bronze in the women's coxed four event at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
Recently involved in 2007, 2008 as the director of junior competition and directing Victoria's (Australia) biggest youth Surf Life Saving program, with over 500 participants.
He has later been involved with the Olympics team being involved with the Australia Olympic selection committee for canoeing on various occasions.
He regularly paddles surf skis at South Melbourne and on the Yarra river, in Victoria.
Distal intestinal obstruction syndrome (DIOS) involves obstruction of the distal part of the small intestines by thickened intestinal content  and occurs in about 20% of mainly adult individuals with cystic fibrosis. DIOS was previously known as meconium ileus equivalent, a name which highlights its similarity to the intestinal obstruction seen in newborn infants with cystic fibrosis. DIOS tends to occur in older individuals with pancreatic insufficiency. Individuals with DIOS may be predisposed to bowel obstruction, though it is a separate entity than true constipation.
Saint-Georges-sur-Renon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
In a clinical trial, the investigators must specify inclusion and exclusion criteria for participation in the study.
Inclusion and exclusion criteria define the characteristics that prospective subjects must have if they are to be included in a study. Although there is some unclarity concerning the distinction between the two, the ICH E3 guideline on reporting clinical studies suggests that 
Inclusion criteria concern properties of the target population, defining the population to which the study's results should be generalizable. Inclusion criteria may include factors such as type and stage of disease, the subject’s previous treatment history, age, sex, race, ethnicity.
Exclusion criteria concern properties of the study sample, defining reasons for which patients from the target population are to be excluded from the current study sample. Typical exclusion criteria are defined for either ethical reasons (e.g., children, pregnant women, patients with psychological illnesses, patients who are not able or willing to sign informed consent), to overcome practical issues related to the study itself (e.g., not being able to read, when questionnaires are used for assessment of outcomes), or to eliminate factors that may limit the interpretability of study results (e.g., comorbidities). Exclusion criteria may lead to biases in the study's results.
Maurice Nikolaevich Yaklashkin (Russian: Мори́с Никола́евич Якла́шкин; born on August 4, 1947,. village Chuteevo of the Yantikovsky District of the Chuvash ASSR) is a choral, opera and symphony conductor, music teacher, People's Artist of Russia, Honored Art Worker of the Chuvash ASSR, professor.Now he is the artistic director and chief conductor of the Chuvash State Symphony Capella.
José Treviño Morales is a Mexican former money launderer for Los Zetas, a Mexican criminal organization. He is the brother of the former Zetas leaders Omar Treviño Morales (alias Z-42) and Miguel Treviño Morales (alias Z-40). In 2008, Treviño funded a horserace operation in Oklahoma with money he made through money laundering. Nonetheless, he was arrested by the FBI along with seven others in a horse-breeding ranch in Lexington, Oklahoma on 12 June 2012. He was found guilty of money laundering on May 2013, and was sentenced to 20 years in prison by a U.S. federal court in September of that same year.
Stuart Reardon is an English fitness model and former professional rugby league footballer who most recently played for the North Wales Crusaders. He played as a fullback, wing, or centre.
Newington Plantation is a historic archaeological site located near Stallsville, Dorchester County, South Carolina. The plantation was originally settled in the early or middle 1680s. Newington includes the remains of a series of house forms as they developed from an early single timber and clay structure destroyed sometime around the Yamasee War in 1715 to the fine, large brick structure built by Joseph Blake. The plantation included terraced gardens, a reflecting pool, brick outbuildings, and the main house.  The house burned in 1845, and the ruins stood until 1876, when an attempt made to salvage the bricks failed. After years under the plow, many of the ruins on the surface have disappeared and the ornamental lake has silted and gone to ruin.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Tommy Lee Jones (born September 15, 1946) is an American actor and film director. He has received four Academy Award nominations, winning Best Supporting Actor for his performance as U.S. Marshal Samuel Gerard in the 1993 thriller film The Fugitive.
His other notable starring roles include Texas Ranger Woodrow F. Call in the television miniseries Lonesome Dove, Agent K in the Men in Black film series, Sheriff Ed Tom Bell in No Country for Old Men, Hank Deerfield in In the Valley of Elah, the villain Two-Face in Batman Forever, Mike Roark in disaster film Volcano, terrorist William "Bill" Strannix in Under Siege, Texas Ranger Roland Sharp in Man of the House, rancher Pete Perkins in The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada, which he also directed, Colonel Chester Phillips in Captain America: The First Avenger, CIA Director Robert Dewey in Jason Bourne, and Warden Dwight McClusky in Natural Born Killers. He most recently appeared in science fiction film Ad Astra in 2019 and in the comedy The Comeback Trail in 2020.
Jones has also portrayed historical figures such as businessman Howard Hughes in The Amazing Howard Hughes, Radical Republican Congressman Thaddeus Stevens in Lincoln, executed murderer Gary Gilmore in The Executioner's Song, U.S. Army General Douglas MacArthur in Emperor, businessman Clay Shaw, the only person prosecuted in connection with the assassination of President John F. Kennedy in JFK, Oliver Vanetta "Doolittle" Lynn, in Coal Miner's Daughter, and baseball player Ty Cobb in Cobb.
Denton County is located in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2020 census, its population was 906,422, making it the 7th-most populous county in Texas. The county seat is Denton.  The county, which was named for John B. Denton, was established in 1846. Denton County constitutes part of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. In 2007, it was one of the fastest-growing counties in the United States.
Valentin Zeglovsky (1908 – 1985) was a ballet dancer with the Ballets Russes who was one of the de Basil dancers who is considered to have contributed to Australian ballet.
Zeglovsky was born in khartov in the Ukraine and after the Russian Revolution his family moved to the Riga in Latvia. INitially interested in boxing he took up ballet in an attempt to improve his footwork. He then trained at the Riga Opera House under Madame Feodorova, wife of Michel Fokine. In the 1930s he joined the de Basil company in the United States of America and in later 1938 came to Australia with the troupe.At the end of the second Ballets Russes tour of Australia Zeglovsky settled in that country in April 1939. In the same year he established a school in Sydney, and performed with an Australian company in June 1939, where he danced with Tamara Tchinarova and Kira Abricossova at a benefit performance organised by Edouard Borovansky, at the Princess Theatre in Melbourne.In January 1942 he joined the Kirsova company during its Melbourne season which began at His Majesty's Theatre. Zeglovsky returned to Europe in 1949, or soon after, and started Zeglovsky's ballet school in London, where Zbyshek Lisak trained under him.
Dhoki is a major village in Osmanabad taluka of Osmanabad district in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is located 24 kilometres (15 mi) from Osmanabad. In 2011, village had population of 15,303 with literacy rate of 82% and average sex ratio of 936. Village has Primary Health Centre.
The Richard B. Russell Federal Building is a 26-story International style building in Atlanta, Georgia, housing U.S. government agency offices and federal courts.The building was constructed in 1978, on the site of the former Terminal Station, which was razed in 1972, except for one platform retained by Southern Railway for its use.
Harispattuwa Divisional Secretariat is a  Divisional Secretariat  of Kandy District, of Central Province, Sri Lanka. Office is locates in nugawela near kandy north bus depot
A fluorescent lamp crusher is a device that crushes and stores spent fluorescent lamps prior to processing at a recycling facility, while controlling the release of mercury vapor emissions. Also known as drum-top crushing, this  lamp disposal method is designed to reduce the storage, labor, and shipping costs of recycling lamps over other methods, as well as decrease the likelihood of mercury release during transport to a recycling facility. Fluorescent lamp crushers are designed for use primarily in commercial and institutional facility management contexts.
Beyond Zero Emissions (BZE) is an Australia-based, internationally recognised climate change solutions think-tank. The organization produces independent economic and public policy research on the transition of advanced economies  to a zero emissions model. Beyond Zero Emission's stated research aims are to provide detailed pathways for a rapid transition in each major sector of Australia’s economy. The organisation is funded by donations from individuals and charitable trusts including the Lord Mayor’s Charitable Foundation and the Hamer Family Fund.
This is a list of British television related events from 1973.
Pish Osta (Persian: پيش استا, also Romanized as Pīsh Ostā; also known as Kūh-e Pīshostā, Pīshāsīāb, Pīsh Asīāb, Pīsh Āsyāb, Pīsh Ostād, Sar Āsīāb, Sar-e Āsīāb, and Sar-i-Āsīāb) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 36 families.
"Nine Laments" (traditional Chinese: 九歎; simplified Chinese: 九叹; pinyin: Jiǔ tàn; "Nine Laments") is one of the 17 major sections of the ancient Chinese poetry collection Chu ci, also known as The Songs of the South or The Songs of Chu. The "Nine Laments" consists of nine verses, each with an individual name, and each with a main part, paired with a concluding "lament". The "Nine Laments" is one of the several collections of poems grouped under the title of "Nine" something-or-others, which do not necessarily consist of 9 pieces of poetry. One of the older of them, Jiu Ge ("Nine Songs") consists of 11 individual pieces: "nine" in antiquity was often used as a synonym for "many", and in the context of the Chu ci generally refers to a musical arrangement with "nine" modal changes (Hawkes 2011 [1985], 36-37). The "Nine Laments" poems are attributed to Liu Xiang (Hawkes 2011 [1985], 280-282).
The 1914 International cricket season was from April 1914 to August 1914. The season consists with English domestic season.
Wim Eckert (born 1969 in Zurich) is a Swiss architect and co-founder of E2A Architects. 
Eckert studied architecture at the ETH Zurich (Diploma 1995). From 1995 until 1997 he worked at the Office for Metropolitan Architecture (OMA). He has been an independent architect in Zurich since 1997 and founded E2A Architects together with Piet Eckert in 2001. Wim Eckert has taught at the Technical University of Delft in the Netherlands, at the ETH Zurich and at the HafenCity University in Hamburg. Since 2014 he has been teaching as Visiting Professor at the USI Academy of Architecture in Mendrisio.
A Messier marathon is an attempt, usually organized by amateur astronomers, to find as many Messier objects as possible during one night. The Messier catalogue was compiled by French astronomer Charles Messier during the late 18th century and consists of 110 relatively bright deep-sky objects (galaxies, nebulae, and star clusters).
The Chinese economic reform or reform and opening-up, known in the West as the opening of China, is the program of economic reforms termed "Socialism with Chinese characteristics" and "socialist market economy" in the People's Republic of China (PRC). Led by Deng Xiaoping, often credited as the "General Architect", the reforms were launched by reformists within the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) on December 18, 1978, during the "Boluan Fanzheng" period. The reforms went into stagnation after the military crackdown on 1989 Tiananmen Square protests, but were revived after Deng Xiaoping's Southern Tour in 1992. In 2010, China overtook Japan as the world's second-largest economy.Prior to the reforms, the Chinese economy was dominated by state ownership and central planning. From 1950 to 1973, Chinese real GDP per capita grew at a rate of 2.9% per year on average, albeit with major fluctuations stemming from the Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution. This placed it near the middle of the Asian nations during the same period, with neighboring capitalist countries such as Japan, South Korea, Singapore and rival Chiang Kai-shek's Republic of China outstripping mainland China's rate of growth. Starting in 1970, the economy entered into a period of stagnation, and after the death of Mao Zedong, the Communist Party leadership decided to turn to market-oriented reforms to salvage the stagnant economy.The Communist Party authorities carried out the market reforms in two stages. The first stage, in the late 1970s and early 1980s, involved the de-collectivization of agriculture, the opening up of the country to foreign investment, and permission for entrepreneurs to start businesses. However, a large percentage of industries remained state-owned. The second stage of reform, in the late 1980s and 1990s, involved the privatization and contracting out of much state-owned industry. The 1985 lifting of price controls was a major reform, and the lifting of protectionist policies and regulations soon followed, although state monopolies in sectors such as banking and petroleum remained. In 2001, China joined the World Trade Organization (WTO). The private sector grew remarkably, accounting for as much as 70 percent of China's gross domestic product by 2005. From 1978 until 2013, unprecedented growth occurred, with the economy increasing by 9.5% a year. The conservative Hu Jintao's administration regulated and controlled the economy more heavily after 2005, reversing some reforms. On the other hand, a parallel set of political reforms were launched by Deng in 1980, but eventually ended in 1989 due to the crackdown on Tiananmen Square protests.
The success of China's economic policies and the manner of their implementation resulted in immense changes in Chinese society in the last 40 years, including greatly decreased poverty while both average incomes and income inequality have increased, leading to a backlash led by the New Left. In the academic scene, scholars have debated the reason for the success of the Chinese "dual-track" economy, and have compared it to attempts to reform socialism in the Eastern Bloc and the Soviet Union; as well as to the growth of other developing economies. Additionally, these series of reforms have led to China's rise as a world power and a shift of international geopolitical interests in favour of it over Taiwan. However, corruption, real estate bubble, pollution and population crisis are among the most serious development issues. In addition, manipulation of economic data by the Chinese government, such as reporting inflated GDP figures and other fake figures, is also a major concern.The reform era has been said to end during the leadership of current CCP General Secretary Xi Jinping, who generally opposes the reforms and has rolled back many of the Deng-era reforms. Meanwhile, the CCP under Xi has reasserted state control over different aspects of Chinese society, including the economy. This de-liberalization is also seen by one Hong Kong commentator as part of the subject of the present US–China trade war, in which the United States alleges that the Chinese government has been giving unfair and discriminatory competitive trade advantages to Chinese state-owned and domestic private companies.
Jalukie is a town under Peren district of Nagaland State in India. Located in the Jalukie Circle, it is governed by a town committee.
According to the 2011 census of India, Jalukie has a population of 8,706.
Markt Indersdorf station is a railway station in the Karpfhofen district in the municipality of Markt Indersdorf, located in the district of Dachau in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Nicole Conn (born October 29, 1959) is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter most famous for her debut feature, the lesbian love story Claire of the Moon (1992). Her screenplay for Claire of the Moon was also released as a novel the following year.
twiGIS is a web-based Geographical Information System software, developed by Arkance Systems (former CAD Studio, part of the European group Arkance). Compatible with standard GIS and mapping technologies, like QGIS, PostGIS, AutoCAD Map 3D and ESRI, twiGIS uses a responsive user-centric web tool for publishing and managing wide range of geographic and infrastructure data as well as CAD and BIM data for utility networks a maintenance management applications. You can use any type of mapping data, such as high resolution aerial images, open web maps, vector maps, CAD drawings, BIM models (e.g. from Autodesk Revit) and databases. twiGIS supports Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Safari web browsers.
The 1909 South Australian Football League season was the 33rd season of the top-level Australian rules football competition in South Australia.
Mary Meyer Gilmore (born November 20, 1947) was a Democratic member of the Wyoming House of Representatives, representing the 59th district from 2003 until 2009.
Dr. Hilowle Imam Omar is a Somali politician who hails from the Harti abgaal clan (a subclan of abgaal). He took part in the Somali National Reconciliation Conference in Kenya. He was a member of the USC a former Mogadishu based faction.
Y2K: The Album is the debut album by American hip hop group Screwball. It was released on February 8, 2000 via Tommy Boy Records. Recording sessions took place at C Mo' Greens Studio, D&D Studios and House Of Hits in New York City. Production was handled by several record producers, including Mike Heron, Godfather Don, DJ Premier, Pete Rock, Marley Marl and Biz Markie. It features guest appearances from Big Noyd, Capone, Cormega, MC Shan, Mobb Deep, Nature, Nashawn, Prince A.D. and Triple Seis. The album peaked at number 50 on the US Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Its singles "F.A.Y.B.A.N." and "H-O-S-T-Y-L-E" were also charted on the Hot Rap Songs.
Dr. Dinesh Manocha is an Indian-American computer scientist and the Paul Chrisman Iribe Professor of Computer Science at University of Maryland College Park, formerly at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.  His research interests are in Scientific Computation, Robotics, Self-Driving Cars, Affective Computing, Virtual and Augmented Reality and 3D Computer Graphics.
Saint-Polycarpe is a municipality located in the Vaudreuil-Soulanges Regional County Municipality in the Montérégie region west of Montreal, Quebec, Canada, and just east of the Quebec-Ontario border. It was named for Polycarp, a 2nd-century bishop of Smyrna. The population as of the 2016 Canadian Census was 2,224.
While a parish during the 18th century, its territory included portions of what is now part of Saint-Zotique.
A farmer is a person engaged in agriculture, raising living organisms for food or raw materials. The term usually applies to people who do some combination of raising field crops, orchards, vineyards, poultry, or other livestock. A farmer might own the farmed land or might work as a laborer on land owned by others, but in most developed economies, a farmer is usually a farm owner, while employees of the farm are known as farm workers, or farmhands. However, in other older definitions a farmer was a person who promotes or improves the growth of plants, land or crops or raises animals (as livestock or fish) by labor and attention.
Over half a billion farmers are smallholders, most of whom are in developing countries, and who economically support almost two billion people. Globally, women constitute more than 40% of agricultural employees.
Manuel Acuña Roxas (Tagalog: [maˈnwel aˈkuɲa ˈɾohas]; born Manuel Roxas y Acuña; January 1, 1892 – April 15, 1948) was the fifth President of the Philippines who served from 1946 until his death in 1948. He briefly served as the third and last President of the Commonwealth of the Philippines from May 28, 1946 to July 4, 1946 and became the first President of the independent Third Philippine Republic after the United States ceded its sovereignty over the Philippines.
Ladri di Biciclette is an Italian funky-R&B band, mainly successful between late 1980s and early 1990s.
Ben-Zion (Benno) Sternberg (1894 – May 31, 1962), was a Ukrainian Zionist and signatory of the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel.Sternberg was born in Czernowitz, Bukovina, a region of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, to a relatively prosperous local Jewish family. His father Abraham was a landowner in the thriving Jewish community of Bukovina.
Bilgram-Mallanwan is a constituency of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly covering the city of Bilgram & Mallanwan in the Hardoi district of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Bilgram-Mallanwan is one of five assembly constituencies in the Misrikh (Lok Sabha constituency) Since 2008, this assembly constituency is numbered 159 amongst 403 constituencies. This place is famously controversial in its region.
Currently this seat belongs to Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Ashish Kumar Singh who won in last Assembly election of 2017 Uttar Pradesh Legislative Elections defeating Samajwadi Party candidate Subhash Pal by a margin of 8,025 votes.
Ion Moina Stadium was a multi-use stadium in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.  It was used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of U Cluj. The stadium held 28,000 people and was inaugurated in 1911.
The first football and athletics stadium in Cluj-Napoca was built between 1908 and 1911. It had wooden stands and had a capacity of 1,500 people. The official inauguration in 1911 was done by organizing a game between a Cluj XI and Galatasaray Istanbul. It was the first game in Europe for Galatasaray, and Cluj won 8–1.
In 1961, new stands were built and the capacity of the stadium became 28,000 on wooden benches, while the old stands were moved to Câmpia Turzii. The 1961 stands have a U-shaped appearance, as the name of the team that uses it ("U" Cluj). The stadium is named after Ion Moina, the fastest sprinter in Europe in 1948.
American R&B star Beyoncé performed for the first time in the country in this stadium on October 22, 2007, during The Beyoncé Experience tour.
On November 20, 2008, the demolition process began, and was planned to be finished in spring 2009. On November 22, 2008, the last official football match played in this stadium, Mureşul Deva, finished 0–0.
The construction of the new stadium, Cluj Arena, began in summer 2009 and finished in 2011. It was inaugurated in 11 October 2011 with a friendly match of Universitatea Cluj against Kuban Krasnodar. The new stadium construction was completed in 2012.
Lee Seung Hee (born 1963 in Cheongju, South Korea; Hangul:이승희; Chinese: 李承熙) is a South Korean ceramic artist. He is known for his interpretation of Korean and Chinese ceramic objects into two-dimensional works of art. Lee Seung Hee's work is mainly exhibited in South Korea and China.
The A-90 Orlyonok (Russian: Орлёнок, English: "Eaglet") is a Soviet ekranoplan that was designed by Rostislav Evgenievich Alexeyev of the Central Hydrofoil Design Bureau.
The A-90 uses ground effect to fly a few meters above the surface. The Russians classify it as Ekranoplan Class B – it can achieve an altitude of 3,000 m (9,800 ft), placing it between Class A – which is limited to ground effect, and Class C, which exploits the ground effect only during take-offs and landings and otherwise functions as a typical airplane.
Sebastian Sobecki (born 1973) is a medievalist specialising in English literature, history, and manuscript studies.
An OLAP cube is a multi-dimensional array of data. Online analytical processing (OLAP) is a computer-based technique of analyzing data to look for insights. The term cube here refers to a multi-dimensional dataset, which is also sometimes called a hypercube if the number of dimensions is greater than 3.
Osceola County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 22,891. The county seat is Reed City.
Soyō (蘇陽町, Soyō-machi) was a town located in Aso District, Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan.
As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 4,506 and a density of 37.89 persons per km². The total area was 118.92 km².
On February 11, 2005, Soyō, along with the town of Yabe, and the village of Seiwa (both from Kamimashiki District), was merged to create the town of Yamato and no longer exists as an independent municipality.
Colombia competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico. 43 competitors, 38 men and 5 women, took part in 33 events in 5 sports. They did not win any medals.
The Philadelphia Liberty Loans Parade was a parade in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on September 28, 1918, organized to promote government bonds that helped pay for the needs of Allied troops in World War I. More than 200,000 Philadelphians attended the parade, which led to one of the largest outbreaks of the Spanish flu in the United States. It has since been declared the deadliest parade in American history.
The Begatting of the President is a satirical album narrated by Orson Welles, summarising the presidency of Lyndon B. Johnson and the election of 1968, leading up to the election of Richard Nixon, delivered in the style of Biblical verse.
The Museum of Modern Art, Kamakura & Hayama (神奈川県立近代美術館, Kanagawa Kenritsu Kindai Bijutsukan) is the first public modern art museum in Japan. The museum consists of three halls: Kamakura, Kamakura annex, and Hayama.
Kewaunee County Bruemmer Park and Zoo is a park located west of Kewaunee, Wisconsin. The park features a small zoo for several North American and at least three exotic animals. The park has wooded trails and borders the Kewaunee River. The park is built on bedrock and is home to limestone kiln remnants from early limestone production.
The Amazonian grosbeak or Rothschild's grosbeak  (Cyanoloxia rothschildii) is a species of grosbeak in the family Cardinalidae, the cardinals or cardinal grosbeaks. It is found in much of the Amazon Basin, in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Félix Mantilla Botella (Catalan: Fèlix Mantilla Botella, pronounced [ˈfɛliɡz mənˈtiʎə βuˈteʎə]; Spanish pronunciation: [ˈfeliɣz manˈtiʎa βoˈteʎa]; 23 September 1974) is a Spanish former professional tennis player and coach. In common with many of his fellow countrymen, Mantilla's best surface is clay. While not as successful away from the clay, Mantilla also produced good hardcourt results. Mantilla's best stroke was his single-handed backhand and he was known for his baseline consistency from both sides and high endurance levels. He reached the semi-finals of the 1998 French Open, won the 2003 Rome Masters, and achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 10.
Associação Académica da Brava (Capeverdean Crioulo, ALUPEC or ALUPEK: Akadémika da Brava) is a football (soccer) club that plays in the Brava Island League in Cape Verde.
The logo and the uniform as well as other teams with the name Académica and Académico in Cape Verde is identical to Académica de Coimbra.  It has a small "Br" on the bottom of the left letter A (standing for Associação, Association in Portuguese), the first two letters, the island of the club being based, Brava.
Stadacona was a 16th-century St. Lawrence Iroquoian village not far from where Quebec City was founded in 1608.
Rajat Sharma (born 18 February 1957) is Chairman and Editor-in-chief of India TV. He is known for his role as the anchor and creator of the TV show "Aap Ki Adalat ".
Skins is a British teen drama created by father-and-son television writers Bryan Elsley and Jamie Brittain for Company Pictures. The fifth series began airing on E4 on 27 January 2011 and ended on 17 March 2011. This series sees the introduction of a new cast; it follows the lives of the third generation of sixth form students of Franky Fitzgerald, Rich Hardbeck, Grace Blood, Mini McGuinness, Liv Malone, Alo Creevey, and brothers Nick and Matty Levan.
Tigran Levoni Levonyan (Khandikyan, Armenian: Տիգրան Լևոնյան; 1936–2004) was an Armenian operatic tenor and director, Professor of Yerevan State Conservatory. People's Artist of Armenia (1984). He was the husband of Gohar Gasparyan and brother of director Armen Khandikyan.
McMaster-Carr Supply Company is a private American supplier of hardware, tools, raw materials, industrial materials, and maintenance equipment. The company was founded in 1901 and is based in Elmhurst, Illinois, with distribution centers in Robbinsville, New Jersey; Santa Fe Springs, California; Douglasville, Georgia and Aurora, Ohio.
Gerrards Cross railway station is a railway station in the town of Gerrards Cross in Buckinghamshire, England. It is on the Chiltern Main Line between Denham Golf Club and Seer Green and Jordans.
Mohammad Shaker Kargar (Dari: محمد شاکر کارگر, born  (1967-02-02) 2 February 1967 in Andkhoy District, Faryab Province, Afghanistan) - is an Afghan politician, who is serving as the Chief of Staff to President Ashraf Ghani of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
Meimoon Ghal'eh (Persian: میمون قلعه, literally "Monkey Castle" or "the Blessed Castle"), also known as Mehman Ghal'eh (مهمان قلعه) and Mobarak Ghal'eh (مبارک قلعه), is one of several castle ruins scattered throughout the Qazvin area, in Iran.
Tillandsia indigofera is a species of plant in the family Bromeliaceae. It is endemic to Ecuador.  Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
Octaazacubane is a hypothetical explosive allotrope of nitrogen with formula N8, whose molecules have eight atoms arranged into a cube. (By comparison, nitrogen usually occurs as the diatomic molecule N2.)  It can be regarded as a cubane-type cluster, where all eight corners are nitrogen atoms bonded along the edges.  It is predicted to be a metastable molecule, in which despite the thermodynamic instability caused by bond strain, and the high energy of the N–N single bonds, the molecule remains kinetically stable for reasons of orbital symmetry.
The Bernese Mountain Dog (German: Berner Sennenhund) is a large dog breed, one of the four breeds of Sennenhund-type dogs from the Swiss Alps. These dogs have roots in the Roman mastiffs. The name Sennenhund is derived from the German Senne ("alpine pasture") and Hund (hound/dog), as they accompanied the alpine herders and dairymen called Senn. Berner (or Bernese in English) refers to the area of the breed's origin, in the canton of Bern. This breed was originally kept as a general farm dog. Large Sennenhunde in the past were also used as draft animals, pulling carts.  The breed was officially established in 1912.
The women's 60 metres event  at the 1991 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on 8 March.
The pair of athletes, two bronze figurines at the Delphi Archaeological Museum, remind vividly of the Pythian Games.
Inishkeel (Irish: Inis Caoil) is a small tidal island and a townland off the coast of County Donegal, Ireland. The closest village on the mainland is Narin.
Semioptila constans is a moth in the Himantopteridae family. It was described by Erich Martin Hering in 1937. It is found in Tanzania.
Joshua Callan (born (1991-04-08)8 April 1991) is an Australian male BMX rider, representing his nation at international competitions. He competed in the time trial event at the 2015 UCI BMX World Championships.
Gregory Vaitl Boyer (born February 5, 1958) is a former American water polo player who was a member of the United States men's national water polo team and won a silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
Mepco Schlenk Engineering College is an autonomous engineering college located in Virudhunagar near Sivakasi, Tamil Nadu, India.  It was founded on 17 October 1984.  It is an ISO9001:2015 certified institution. It is sponsored by the Mepco Schlenk Charities, a social welfare organization of the Metal Powder Company Limited, Thirumangalam and its German collaborator, Schlenk. The college was affiliated with Madurai Kamaraj University, Madurai until 2002 and later with Anna University, Chennai, but since 2012 it has been affiliated with Anna University of Technology, Chennai.The medium of instruction is English for all courses, examinations, seminar  presentations and project reports.
George Alvin Smith (January 14, 1844 – February 11, 1908) was an American merchant who served as the first president of the Smith–Courtney Company in Richmond, Virginia. He fought for the Confederacy in the American Civil War, losing his arm at the Battle of Fredericksburg. Shortly thereafter, he and Charles Rady partnered to sell railway equipment. Following Rady's retirement, Smith and T. L. Courtney expanded the business, producing wood and iron working supplies, engines, boilers, and more.
By the end of his life, Smith's company was the largest manufacturer and distributor of machinery in the Southern United States, and he was one of the most prominent members of Richmond society, a member of Confederate veterans organizations and the Episcopal Church. He was a founding member of the Southern Supply and Machinery Dealers' Association.
Aşkale is a town and district of the Erzurum province of Turkey. The mayor is Enver Başaran (AKP). The population is 12,509 (as of 2010).
Kandilli Ski Resort, which hosts cross-country skiing and biathlon competitions at some international winter sports events, is situated in Aşkale.
The biweekly trade journal Advance for Medical Laboratory Professionals started in 1991. During its time in circulation, it served an audience of bench technologists, chief technologists, cytotechnologists, generalists, histotechnologists, laboratory directors/managers, laboratory section heads, medical laboratory scientists, medical laboratory technicians, blood specialists, educators and others in the medical laboratory field. Special issues of the trade journal included the education issue, National Medical Laboratory Professionals Week issue, industry outlook issue, new graduate issue and the annual safety issue.The publication also conducted a biannual salary survey of laboratory professionals in conjunction with Advance for Administrators of the Laboratory.
The National Credentialing Agency for Laboratory Personnel Inc. had an editorial agreement with Advance for Medical Laboratory Professionals and the publication featured a regular column called “Ask NCA.” 
According to BPA Worldwide, Advance for Medical Laboratory Professionals had a circulation of 41,875 prior to ceasing publication.
Banestan-e Sadat Mahmudi (Persian: بنستان سادات محمودي, also Romanized as Banestān-e Sādāt Maḩmūdī; also known as Banestān and Bonestān) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,204, in 241 families.
"Let Your Hair Down" is a song recorded by Canadian reggae fusion band Magic! for their debut studio album, Don't Kill the Magic (2014). It was written by Adam Messinger with group members Nasri Atweh and Alex Tanas, and was produced by Messinger, Atweh, Tanas and Magic! guitarist Mark Pellizzer. On October 7, 2014 the song was issued to contemporary hit radio by RCA Records as the third single from the album, and second to be released in the US.
Eosentomon stumppi is a species of proturan in the family Eosentomidae. It is found in Europe and Northern Asia (excluding China).
Professor Joseph E. Debono (b. 1903 d. 1974), a Maltese consultant physician, was appointed Demonstrator of Medicine in 1928, Professor of Materia Medica and Pharmacology in 1963 and Professor of Medicine in 1964.
Paringa is a small town in the Riverland of South Australia. Paringa is famous for its vineyards, almond, citrus and stone fruit orchards, and the steel bridge with a span that can be raised to allow houseboats and paddlesteamers to pass underneath and across the Murray River to Renmark.  At the 2006 census, Paringa had a population of 946.
Patrick Erin Murphy (born March 30, 1983) is an American businessman, accountant, and politician. A Democrat, he served as the U.S. representative from Florida's 18th congressional district from 2013 to 2017. He is a former Republican, having switched parties in 2011.Murphy was elected to the House of Representatives in 2012, defeating Republican incumbent Allen West by 0.8% in the second-most expensive U.S. House race in history. Despite the narrow Republican lean of Murphy's district, he was re-elected with 59.8% of the vote in 2014. In March 2015, he announced his intentions to run in the 2016 United States Senate election in Florida; in August 2016 he won the Democratic primary. He faced Republican incumbent Marco Rubio in the November general election, losing 52% to 44%.
The 2013–14 season was the 31st season in Getafe's history and the 10th in the top-tier.
Marcellin Joseph Benedict Champagnat (20 May 1789 – 6 June 1840), also known as Saint Marcellin Champagnat, was born in Le Rosey, village of Marlhes, near St. Etienne (Loire), France. He was the founder of the Marist Brothers, a religious congregation of brothers in the Catholic Church devoted to Mary and dedicated to education. His feast day is 6 June, his death anniversary.
Champagnat was ordained as a priest on 22 July 1816 and was part of a group led by Jean-Claude Colin, who founded the Society of Mary, a separate religious congregation to the Marist Brothers teaching order Champagnat founded later. Champagnat was born in the year of the storming of the Bastille, the start of the French Revolution. The religious, political, economic, and social unrest of the times he lived influenced his priorities and life path.
VirtualGL is an open-source software package that redirects the 3D rendering commands from Unix and Linux OpenGL applications to 3D accelerator hardware in a dedicated server and sends the rendered output to a (thin) client located elsewhere on the network. On the server side, VirtualGL consists of a library that handles the redirection and a wrapper program that instructs applications to use this library. Clients can connect to the server either using a remote X11 connection or using an X11 proxy such as a VNC server. In case of an X11 connection some client-side VirtualGL software is also needed to receive the rendered graphics output separately from the X11 stream. In case of a VNC connection no specific client-side software is needed other than the VNC client itself.
Pseudaspininae is a subfamily of the freshwater fish family Leuciscidae, which contains the true minnows. It is also known as the Far East Asian (FEA) clade of minnows. As the name suggests, all members of this family are found in East Asia.
Basic Education High School No. 3 Dagon (Burmese: အခြေခံ ပညာ အထက်တန်း ကျောင်း အမှတ် (၃) ဒဂုံ) is a public high school located a few miles north of downtown Yangon, Myanmar. It was formerly Myoma Girls National High School founded at 32nd street in downtown Yangon in March 1921 as a sister school of Myoma Boys National High School. The school was moved to its current location in 1929.
The 2019–20 season was Celtic's 131st season of competitive football. They competed in the Scottish Premiership, League Cup, Scottish Cup, Champions League and Europa League. Celtic won all three domestic tournaments, completing an unprecedented quadruple treble.On 13 March 2020, the Scottish football season was suspended with immediate effect due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The season was curtailed as a result, with Celtic declared Scottish Premiership champions on 18 May, winning a ninth consecutive league title.
Archers Bay (1995–2002) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse known for winning the first two legs of the 1998 Canadian Triple Crown. He was sired by Silver Deputy and out of the stakes-winning mare, Adorned, a daughter of the 1975 French Derby winner, Val de l'Orne.In the 1998 Canadian Triple Crown series, Archers Bay won the Queen's Plate and the Prince of Wales Stakes but did not run in the final leg as the Breeders Stakes is a test on turf. He was voted Canadian Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse.Retired to stud duty, Archers Bay sired Arch Hall and other foals.The stallion was humanely euthanized in 2002 after an unsuccessful colic surgery and is buried on his farm.
Jonathan Wilson (born July 17, 1987) is an American professional mixed martial artist who is currently signed to Bellator MMA. A professional since 2013, he has competed for the UFC and Taura MMA, where he was the Light Heavyweight champion.
Rufino de la Cruz Linares (February 28, 1951 – May 16, 1998) was a professional baseball player who played four seasons for the Atlanta Braves and California Angels of Major League Baseball.
Born in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic, Linares died in an automobile accident in Santo Domingo.
This is a list of urban areas in Norway by population, with population numbers as of 1 January 2017. For a list of towns and cities in Norway, see this link.
Statistics Norway, the governmental organisation with the task of measuring the Norwegian population, uses the term tettsted (literally "dense place"; meaning urban settlement or urban area), which is defined as a continuous built-up area with a maximum distance of 50 metres between residences unless a greater distance is caused by public areas, cemeteries or similar reasons. The continuously built-up areas in Norway (urban areas) with the highest population are:
Hiroyuki Utatane (うたたね ひろゆき, Utatane Hiroyuki) is a Japanese manga artist and anime director. His wife is manga artist Ryō Ramiya.
Born 15 June 1966 in Nagaoka, Niigata Prefecture, Japan, Utatane began his career with adult works such as Countdown. His more recent works have been seinen works such as Seraphic Feather and Heaven's Prison, though he continues to release some adult works as well.
Cordon (French pronunciation: [kɔʁdɔ̃] (listen)) is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France. It is part of the urban area of Sallanches.
Molonglo Reference Catalogue of Radio Sources (MRC) is an astronomical catalog containing 12,141 discrete sources from a 408-MHz survey with the Molonglo Radio Telescope.
Càrn Gorm is a Scottish mountain situated 22 km west of Aberfeldy in the council area of Perth and Kinross, it stands in a group of four Munros known as the Càrn Mairg group or the Glen Lyon Horseshoe on the north side of Glen Lyon.
Cheluvi (transl. Beautiful Girl) is a 1992 Kannada film directed by Girish Karnad. The film stars Girish Karnad and Sonali Kulkarni in her film debut. This film won the National Film Award for Best Film on Environment Conservation/Preservation. This film is based on the tale of A Flowering Tree: A Woman's Tale. Although the film was shot in Kannada, it contains Hindi songs. The film was released with English subtitles and was dubbed in Hindi upon release. The film was later included in the 24th International Film Festival in Delhi.
Bonchis glanysis is a species of snout moth in the genus Bonchis. It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1914, and is known from Panama.
Ali I (Persian: علی), was the ruler of the Bavand dynasty from 1118 to 1142. He was the uncle and successor of Rustam III.
Kerri Lee Green (born January 14, 1967) is an American actress, director and screenwriter. She is best known for her roles in The Goonies (1985),  Summer Rental (1985), and Lucas (1986). She also wrote and co-directed Bellyfruit (1999).
The Cube Microplex is  cinema and event venue in Bristol, England. It operates as a non-profit cooperative and is entirely staffed by volunteers. Since opening in 1998 it has hosted international and local artistic and cultural events including films and music performances as well as providing a focal point for Bristol's artistic community. The building includes a roughly 108 seat auditorium as well as a bar serving local and ethical products.
Oukhellou is a surname.  Notable people with the surname include:
Madelina Fleuriot (born 28 October 2003) is a Haitian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Exafoot and the Haiti women's national team.
Dayshum (Arabic: ديشوم) was a Palestinian village, depopulated on 30 October 1948 by the Sheva Brigade of Israeli paramilitary force Palmach in an offensive called Operation Hiram, where the village has been destroyed, and only house rubble left behind. The village was located 12 kilometers (7.5 mi) north of Safed, 600 meters (2,000 ft) above sea level.
Sky News Australia is an Australian 24-hour cable and satellite news channel available on the Foxtel, Optus Television, and Flash News subscription platforms and on free-to-air television in regional and non-metropolitan areas throughout Australia. It is also available in New Zealand on Sky Television and Vodafone. Since its takeover by the Murdoch family in 2016, and the subsequent sale of Murdoch's remaining shares in Sky Britain to COMCAST, Sky News Australia has no relation to the British Sky News.
Sky News Australia launched at 5 pm on 19 February 1996, as the first Australian-produced television news channel. The channel aired its 50,000th unique newscast on 23 April 2003 at 11 am. Sky News was added to Austar on 1 April 2000. In 2004, Sky News began broadcasting Sky News Active, its on-demand interactive TV news service. In 2008, Sky News launched the Sky News Business Channel, and on 20 January 2009, Sky News launched Australian Public Affairs Channel (A-PAC). It began widescreen broadcasting on 17 May 2009. Sky News Australia began broadcasting in high definition on 1 December 2015. A fourth spin-off channel, Sky News Election Channel, was launched on 1 May 2016. In July 2017, Sky News became the provider of Fox Sports News.
In mid-2019, the channel began expanding its digital operations. This included a content partnership with YouTube, Microsoft News, Facebook and Taboola. That led to new, opinion-focused videos being uploaded more frequently and across News Corp platforms, after having previously not uploaded any videos from February 2017 to April 2019. Sky News Australia has been reprimanded for publishing misinformation and untrue claims
Awakening is a casual hidden object puzzle adventure game series developed by Boomzap Entertainment and published by Big Fish Games. In order to progress through each game, the player must solve puzzles and find hidden objects. It is available on PC, Mac, iPhone and iPad platforms. The games are released in several languages with both Standard Editions and Collector's Editions, the latter including additional features. 
As of 2014, the series consists of eight installments with connected storylines, all with positive reviews. The third game, Awakening: The Goblin Kingdom has hailed the most praise, being awarded the Best Hidden Object Game of 2011 by Casual Gameplay. It has also topped Big Fish Games' top 10 PC Games chart for 42 days.The sixth game, Awakening: The Redleaf Forest: Collector's Edition was released on May 31, 2014 to conclude the adventures of Queen Sophia, the main protagonist of the series. A free-to-play version called Awakening Kingdoms was released in the previous year. Shortly after Queen Sophia's story finale, a seventh installment Awakening: The Golden Age was released on November 1, 2014 to serve as a prequel to the series.As of August 2014, games from the Awakening series have been downloaded over 17 million times on PC, Mac and mobile devices. It is considered "one of the oldest and most successful hidden object adventure franchises."
Larry Coleman was a 20th-century American popular composer and lyricist.Coleman was mainly active during the 1950s and 1960s. He wrote hit songs both alone and in collaboration with other lyricists, including Fred Ebb, Joe Darion, Norman Gimbel, and Paul Klein.
"Changing Partners" (1953), recorded by many artists, including Bing Crosby, Frank "Pee Wee" King, Patti Page, Dinah Shore, and Kay Starr
"Ricochet" (1953), recorded by Teresa Brewer, Alma Cogan, Perry Como, and Joan Regan
"Just as Much as Ever" (1959), recorded by Teresa Brewer, Alma Cogan, Nat King Cole, Joan Regan, and Bobby Vinton
"James Dean", by Jimmy Walker & George Cates and His Orchestra"Ricochet" (aka "Ricochet Romance") was used in the 1954 comedy Western film Ricochet Romance.
No. 42 Squadron was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) mine laying and maritime patrol squadron of World War II formed in June 1944. It conducted patrol and mine-laying operations over the Netherlands East Indies (NEI) from August 1944 until the war ended a year later. It also conducted operations in the waters off southern China in early 1945. Following the Japanese surrender, the squadron performed transport and reconnaissance flights until it was disbanded in November 1945.
Peter Edwards (born 12 August 1980) is a rugby union player. A prop forward, he plays club rugby for the Welsh regional team the Scarlets having previously played for Llanelli RFC and Llandovery RFC. After his release from the Scarlets, he joined London Welsh for the 2013-14 season. On 20 May 2014, Edwards re-signed for the Scarlets from the 2014-15 season.
Stegersbach (Croatian: Santalek, Hungarian: Szentelek) is a town in the district of Güssing in the Austrian state of Burgenland.
Reinold "Rein" Ozoline (born 18 May 1967 in St.Peterburg Russia an Australian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
The Kingdom of Libya (Arabic: المملكة الليبية, romanized: Al-Mamlakah Al-Lībiyya, lit. 'Libyan Kingdom'; Italian: Regno di Libia; Berber languages: ⵜⴰⴳⵍⴷⵉⵜ ⵏ ⵍⵉⴱⵢⴰ), known as the United Kingdom of Libya until 1963, came into existence upon independence on 24 December 1951 and lasted until a coup d'état, led by Muammar Gaddafi, on 1 September 1969 overthrew King Idris and established the Libyan Arab Republic.
Playford A power station was the first power station built by the Electricity Trust of South Australia at Port Paterson, South Australia near Port Augusta in South Australia. It was built in 1954 to generate electricity from coal mined from the Telford Cut at Leigh Creek and transported 250 kilometres (160 mi) by rail.
It was joined by the Playford B Power Station in 1963, and the Northern Power Station in 1985.
The first unit of the power station was opened by Governor Robert George on 23 July 1954. It was the first power station in South Australia which did not require the importation of fuel from interstate. It was expected to take a few years before all six units were operational. The life of Playford A and B stations was expected to be 30 years, the supply of coal then known to be available from Leigh Creek. Playford A was decommissioned in 1985, however the building remained until all three power stations were demolished in 2018.Flinders Power, a division of Alinta Energy, contracted out the demolition of all three power stations and remediating the site. The demolition and 1068ha site rehabilitation was completed in May 2019.
James E. King (October 20, 1939 – July 26, 2009) was an American businessman and politician. A Republican, he was a member of Florida House of Representatives from 1986 through 1999, and subsequently represented the 8th District of the Florida Senate from 1999 until his death. He served as President of the Florida Senate from 2002 to 2004 and served as the Majority Leader from 2000 to 2002.
Dębina [dɛmˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Miniature Tigers is an American indie pop band based in the Brooklyn borough of New York City that combines elements of indie rock, synth-pop, and dream pop. The band is made up of Charlie Brand (lead vocals, guitar), Rick Schaier (keyboards and guitar), Algernon Quashie (guitar), and Brandon Lee (bass guitar).Miniature Tigers began their first national tour in October 2008, which included playing a set at the 2008 CMJ Music Marathon.
Miniature Tigers toured with Ben Folds in February and played the 2009 Monolith Festival in September.  They also toured with Fun. in support of their latest album, Some Nights.
Micro-animals are animals so small that they can only be visually observed under a microscope. Unlike most other microorganisms, which are unicellular, micro-animals are multicellular, like all other animals.
Microscopic arthropods, including dust mites, spider mites, and some crustaceans such as copepods and certain cladocera.
Rotifers, which are filter feeders that are usually found in fresh water.
Many loricifera, including the recently discovered anaerobic species, which spend their entire lives in an anoxic environment.
Yousuf Adam Mahmoud or Yousef Adam (Arabic: يوسف آدم محمود; born 12 September 1972) is a Qatari-Somali former football player and current manager of Al Kharaitiyat. He is the first Qatari football manager to have coached in Africa. He also competed in the men's tournament at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Bülent is a Turkish masculine given name and a family name meaning "tall" and "high", from Persian boland (Persian: بلند) which means tall or high. The equivalent form in Azeri is Bülənd. It may refer to:
Star Circle Quest (SCQ) is a reality-based talent competition which premiered on March 1, 2004 locally on ABS-CBN and internationally through The Filipino Channel. It features at least 10 contestants called "questors" will have to undergo talent training, physical enhancement and different challenges to test their talent skills. The remaining questor after weekly eliminations will be declared as the Grand Questor. He or she takes home a cash prize and an exclusive contract with ABS-CBN Talent Center (now Star Magic).
The song used in the competition was sung by Star in a Million finalists Sheryn Regis and Marinel Santos.
Lynn G. Brenne (October 3, 1911 – February 5, 1993) was an American politician and businessman.
Brenne was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He went to Cleveland College, Yale College, and the Freight Traffic Institute of Chicago. Brenne moved to Illinois in 1936 and settled in Park Forest, Illinois in 1949. He served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II and was a radar officer. Brenne worked for the Greyhound Corporation and the United Airlines. Brenne served on the Park Forest Village Board and was involved with the Republican Party. He served in the Illinois House of Representatives in 1971 and 1972. Brenne died at his home in Park Forest, Illinois.
Donderen is a town in the Dutch province of Drenthe. It is a part of the municipality of Tynaarlo, and lies about 10 km north of Assen.
In 2001, the town of Donderen had 99 inhabitants. The built-up area of the town was 0.037 km², and contained 40 residences.
The statistical area "Donderen", which can also include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 440.
Anup Chetia (Assamese: অনুপ চেতিয়া) (real name Golap Baruah also known as Sunil Baruah, Bhaijan or Ahmed) is the General Secretary of the banned United Liberation Front of Assam in Assam. He is also one of the founder leaders of the group. He was born at Jerai Gaon in Tinsukia district of Assam.
The 2019–20 Little Rock Trojans women's basketball team represented the University of Arkansas at Little Rock during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Trojans, led by seventeenth year head coach Joe Foley, play their home games at the Jack Stephens Center and were members of the Sun Belt Conference. They finished the season 12–19, 9–9 in Sun Belt play to finish in a tie for fifth place with South Alabama. In the Sun Belt tournament, the Trojans, placed fifth, defeated No. 8 Appalachian State 48-47 before being defeated by No. 4 Louisiana 46–49. Shortly after being eliminated, the conference canceled the remainder of the tournament due to the COVID-19 pandemic which was followed with the NCAA canceling all post-season play.
Paul William Giles Parker (born 15 January 1956 in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe) is an English schoolmaster and former cricketer, who played in one Test in 1981.
Moment Bends is the fourth studio album by Australian indie pop band Architecture in Helsinki. It was released in Australia on 8 April 2011 and in the United States on 3 May 2011. The album was recorded in a rented studio in Melbourne, nicknamed "Buckingham Palace" after a photo mural of Fleetwood Mac's Lindsey Buckingham the band hung on the wall. The project had previously been given the working title Vision Revision. The first single released from the album was "Contact High", although "That Beep", which is included on the album, was released as an EP in 2008.
At the J Awards of 2011, the album was nominated for Australian Album of the Year.
Since its incorporation in 1885, Missoula, Montana has been one of the primary media markets in the state of Montana, beginning with the weekly newspaper the Missoula and Cedar Creek Pioneer. The Missoula single-broadcast over-air television media market has been the largest in Montana (#166 nationally) since 2002.  Though Billings is the largest city in Montana, Missoula's single-broadcast over-air television media market includes Missoula, Ravalli, Granite, Mineral, Lake, Flathead, and Sanders and serves over 113,000 television homes (2011). Missoula is also home to the state's third largest daily newspaper, the Missoulian, and the state's largest alternative weekly, the Missoula Independent.
South of Santa Fe is a 1924 American silent western film directed by Victor Adamson under the name Denver Dixon, a pseudonym he often used. A low budget film, it starred Art Mix. It premiered on July 16, 1924 in Chillicothe, Ohio.
Olenecamptus quadriplagiatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Dillon and Dillon in 1948. It is known from Vietnam.
In astrophysics, chemically peculiar stars (CP stars) are stars with distinctly unusual metal abundances, at least in their surface layers.
Group D of the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 qualifying competition consists of five teams: Spain, Czech Republic, Poland, Moldova, and Azerbaijan. The composition of the nine groups in the qualifying group stage was decided by the draw held on 21 February 2019, 13:30 CET (UTC+1), at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland. with the teams seeded according to their coefficient ranking.
The group is played in home-and-away round-robin format between August 2019 and December 2020. The group winners and the three best runners-up among all nine groups (not counting results against the sixth-placed team) qualify directly for the final tournament, while the remaining six runners-up advance to the play-offs.On 17 March 2020, all matches were put on hold due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Pavel Benetka (26 January 1921 – 4 May 1997) was a Czech gymnast. He competed in eight events at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
In the United States, vehicle registration plates, known as license plates, are issued by a department of motor vehicles, an agency of the state or territorial government, or in the case of the District of Columbia, the district government. Some Native American tribes also issue plates. The U.S. federal government issues plates only for its own vehicle fleet and for vehicles owned by foreign diplomats. Until the 1980s, diplomatic plates were issued by the state in which the consulate or embassy was located.
The appearances of plates are frequently chosen to contain symbols, colors, or slogans associated with the issuing jurisdiction.  The term license plate is frequently used in statutes, although in some areas tag is informally used. The official three letter DSIT (coinciding with its ISO code) international code attributed to the United States is USA.
Mars Saga is a role-playing video game developed by Westwood Associates and published by Electronic Arts for the Commodore 64 in 1988. Following a legal battle against Electronic Arts for rights on the franchise, Westwood turned to Infocom to publish the Apple II and MS-DOS ports.
Mingxing (Chinese: 明星; pinyin: Míngxīng) (formerly Taigu or Taiku) is a town and township-level division and seat of Taigu County, Shanxi, China. It is a seat of a third order adminstation division.  It lies southwest of Jinzhong and comprises nine administrative villages, eleven communities, with a total area of 22 square kilometres (8.5 sq mi). It has a total population of 60,500 people, of which 43,988 are urban dwellers.  The language spoken by majority is Standard Manderin.
All Manipur Buddhist Association (AMBA) is a Buddhist organisation in Manipur, India. It was founded on the full moon day of the month of Meraa (October) 1972, and it got registered under section 20 of the Societies Registration Act XXI of 1860 in 1982. The first Vishakha Puja (Buddha Purnima) was performed in 1984 at Phayjaa Laytong in Imphal East with Ven. Akshyananda of Tripura as the presiding monk.
For the first time in Manipur, a Buddhist monastery was established at Moreh, a town in Manipur bordering Myanmar with the help of Ven. Akshyananda sometime in 1984–85, and the present pagoda there was erected with the generous donation of Dr. Dey and his family in 1988.
Drumchapel RFC was an early twentieth-century East Dunbartonshire-based rugby union club; the town – after being annexed in 1938 – now resides in Glasgow.
L'avventuriero  (internationally released as The Rover) is a 1967 Italian war-drama film directed by Terence Young and starring Anthony Quinn. It is based on the 1923 novel The Rover written by Joseph Conrad.
The 2010 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births for Tanzania was 790. This is compared with 449 in 2008 and 610.2 in 1990. The UN Child Mortality Report 2011 reports a decrease in under-five mortality from 155 per 1,000 live births in 1990 to 76 per 1,000 live births in 2010, and in neonatal mortality from 40 per 1,000 live births to 26 per 1,000 live births. The aim of the report The State of the World's Midwifery is to highlight ways in which the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved, particularly Goal 4 – Reduce child
mortality and Goal 5 – improve maternal health. In Tanzania there are only two midwives per 1,000 live births; and the lifetime risk of death during delivery for women is one in 23.
The first USS Fearless (SP-724) was a United States Navy tug in commission from 1917 to 1921.
Fearless was built as a commercial steam fishing trawler of the same name in 1877. On 20 May 1917, the U.S. Navy acquired her for use during World War I. Assigned the section patrol number 724, she was commissioned as USS Fearless (SP-724) in 1917.
Assigned to the 4th Naval District, Fearless served for the rest of World War I as a tug in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, area. She apparently remained in naval service after the end of the war.
Grzegorz Zbigniew Ciechowski (29 August 1957 – 22 December 2001) was a Polish rock musician and film music composer.
Ciechowski was born in Tczew. He was the founder and frontman of the band Republika, which was one of Poland's most popular rock groups. In the mid-1980s, Ciechowski took a break from the group and formed a new band called Obywatel GC (Citizen GC), again with considerable commercial success. At least a seven-song eponymous vinyl record, Obywatel G.C. exists, released by Tonpress KAW, copyright 1986. In 1991, Republika was revived, and Ciechowski was involved with a number of other ensembles. In 1996, as Grzegorz z Ciechowa, he recorded the album ojDADAna.Ciechowski also composed for other artists such as Kasia Kowalska and Justyna Steczkowska and produced an album for German vocalist Mona Mur. He composed scores for the films Stan Strachu by Janusz Kijowski and The Hexer by Marek Brodzki; for the latter he received a Polish Film Award in 2001. Additionally, he wrote music for the German television show Schloß Pompon Rouge.
Ciechowski won ten Fryderyk Awards for his music, more than any other musician.
Ciechowski died of a heart attack in Warsaw after heart aneurysm surgery. He was 44. His ashes were buried at Powązki Military Cemetery on 4 January 2002.
Olayinka Herbert Samuel Heelas Badmus Macaulay (14 November 1864 – 7 May 1946) was a Nigerian nationalist, politician, surveyor, engineer, architect, journalist, and musician and is considered by many Nigerians as the founder of Nigerian nationalism.
Alt+Tab ↹ is the common name for a keyboard shortcut that has been in Microsoft Windows since Windows 2.0 (1987). This shortcut switches between application-level windows without using the mouse; hence it was named Task Switcher (Flip in Windows Vista).
Alt+Tab ↹ orders windows by most recently used, thus repeated Alt+Tab ↹ keystrokes will switch between the two most recent tasks. It can also be used alternate between a full-size window and the desktop. The window environment maintains a Z-order list of top-level windows (tasks) with the most recently used tasks at the front and the desktop at the bottom, so the most recently used tasks can be switched to the most quickly.
The Alt+Tab ↹ keyboard combination has also been incorporated in other operating systems and desktop environments such as KDE, Xfce, and GNOME. iOS and macOS have similar functionality by pressing ⌘ Command+Tab ↹ but that switches applications rather than windows.
In mathematics, Cramer's theorem on algebraic curves gives the necessary and sufficient number of points in the real plane falling on an algebraic curve to uniquely determine the curve in non-degenerate cases. This number is 
          
            
              n
              (
              n
              +
              3
              )
            
            2
          
  where n is the degree of the curve. The theorem is due to Gabriel Cramer, who published it in 1750.For example, a line (of degree 1) is determined by 2 distinct points on it: one and only one line goes through those two points. Likewise, a non-degenerate conic (polynomial equation in x and y with the sum of their powers in any term not exceeding 2, hence with degree 2) is uniquely determined by 5 points in general position (no three of which are on a straight line).
The intuition of the conic case is this: Suppose the given points fall on, specifically, an ellipse. Then five pieces of information are necessary and sufficient to identify the ellipse—the horizontal location of the ellipse's center, the vertical location of the center, the major axis (the length of the longest chord), the minor axis (the length of the shortest chord through the center, perpendicular to the major axis), and the ellipse's rotational orientation (the extent to which the major axis departs from the horizontal). Five points in general position suffice to provide these five pieces of information, while four points do not.
Bruce Muller (born 24 February 1989 in Klerksdorp, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the Leopards. His regular position is prop or hooker.
Joel Hurstfield (4 November 1911 – 29 November 1980) was a British historian of the Tudor period.
FC Black Stars Basel is a football club from Basel, Switzerland.
Since the season 2012/2013 they play in Group 2 of the 1. Liga Classic, the fourth tier of Swiss football. They were promoted to the third tier in 2019.
Augustine Arhinful, sometimes spelled Ahinful (born 30 November 1974, in Accra) is a former Ghanaian football (soccer) player who last played for Ankaragücü in Turkish Super Lig.
The Bohemian Quartet (Czech: 'České kvarteto'; known as the Czech Quartet after 1918) was a Czech string quartet of international repute that was founded in 1891 and disbanded in 1934.
Qingshui Township (Mandarin: 清水乡) is a township in Xunhua Salar Autonomous County, Haidong, Qinghai, China. In 2010, Qingshui Township had a total population of 13,545 people: 6,656 males and 6,889 females: 3,822 under 14 years old, 8,897 aged between 15 and 64 and 826 over 65 years old.
Sisurcana latiloba is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Peru.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream ferruginous, mixed with greyish terminally. The strigulation (fine streaks) and markings are rust. The hindwings are pale ferruginous, but grey in the anal and basal area, with grey rust dots posteriorly.
Tuminelli is a surname of Italian origin that may refer to:
Serkan Bakan (born 1 January 2001) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Edirnespor.
Instructions per second (IPS) is a measure of a computer's processor speed. For complex instruction set computers (CISCs), different instructions take different amounts of time, so the value measured depends on the instruction mix; even for comparing processors in the same family the IPS measurement can be problematic. Many reported IPS values have represented "peak" execution rates on artificial instruction sequences with few branches and no cache contention, whereas realistic workloads typically lead to significantly lower IPS values. Memory hierarchy also greatly affects processor performance, an issue barely considered in IPS calculations. Because of these problems, synthetic benchmarks such as Dhrystone are now generally used to estimate computer performance in commonly used applications, and raw IPS has fallen into disuse.
The term is commonly used in association with a metric prefix (k, M, G, T, P, or E) to form kilo instructions per second (kIPS), million instructions per second (MIPS), and billion instructions per second (GIPS) and so on.  Formerly TIPS was used occasionally for "thousand ips".
The 1980 CRC Chemicals 500 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series racing event that took place on September 14, 1980, at Dover Downs International Speedway, Dover, Delaware. The NASCAR Winston Cup Series was also plagued with top teams running big engines and finishing in third place to avoid inspection around the early-1980s.
This would be the last of 26 wins for Darrell Waltrip at DiGard, Inc.. Darrell won many races but the team struggled with reliability issues which cost Darrell every year except 1979. Darrell had a contract with DiGard that ran through 1982 but with the help of his father-in-law, Junior Johnson, and sponsor Mountain Dew he was able to get out of the contract at the end of 1980 and finally win his first Winston Cup title in 1981.
Zak Richard Francis Kirkup (born 23 February 1987) is an Australian former politician. He was a member of the Western Australian Liberal Party, and served as a member for the Western Australian Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Dawesville from 2017 to 2021.
In November 2020, Kirkup was elected as the leader of the Western Australian Liberal Party and became Leader of the Opposition. He led the party into the 2021 state election, in which they were defeated in a wipeout loss. He made the unprecedented decision to concede defeat two weeks prior to the election taking place. He lost his own seat of Dawesville to Labor's Lisa Munday, becoming the first major party leader in Western Australia to lose his seat in 88 years. Shortly after the election, Kirkup announced his resignation from politics.
Her Honor, the Governor is a 1926 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick, directed by Chester Withey and featuring Boris Karloff. Complete prints of the film survive.
Kismet is a 1955 American musical-comedy film directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by Arthur Freed. It was filmed in CinemaScope and Eastmancolor and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
It is the fifth movie version of Kismet. The first was released in 1914, the second in 1920, the third in 1930 by Warner Brothers, and the fourth, starring Ronald Colman and Marlene Dietrich, by MGM in 1944. The 1955 film is based on the successful 1953 stage musical Kismet, while the three earlier versions are based on the original 1911 play by Edward Knoblock.
Maple is a symbolic and numeric computing environment as well as a multi-paradigm programming language. It covers several areas of technical computing, such as symbolic mathematics, numerical analysis, data processing, visualization, and others. A toolbox, MapleSim, adds functionality for multidomain physical modeling and code generation.
Maple's capacity for symbolic computing include those of a general-purpose computer algebra system. For instance, it can manipulate mathematical expressions and find symbolic solutions to
certain problems, such as those arising from ordinary and partial differential equations.
Maple is developed commercially by the Canadian software company Maplesoft. The name 'Maple' is a reference to the software's Canadian heritage.
Svensson Ridge (70°11′S 64°29′E) is a rock ridge 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) northwest of Mount Starlight in the Athos Range, Prince Charles Mountains. Mapped from ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) surveys and air photos, 1955–65. Named by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for A. Svensson, weather observer at Davis Station, 1964.
 This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document: "Svensson Ridge". (content from the Geographic Names Information System)
Victoria Vale is a rural locality in the Shire of Croydon, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census, Victoria Vale had a population of 0 people.
The following is a list of awards and nominations received by Antonio Banderas.
Camp Orange: Slimey Hollow is the name of the second season of the children's reality series Camp Orange. It was aired on Nickelodeon Australia in 2006.
The Canadian Dance Festival is an annual Ottawa, Ontario event founded in 1987. Held in June, it sets the stage for Canada's most contemporary, innovative and leading edge dance choreographers and dance companies. The festival includes events at the National Arts Centre, as well as featured performances at other locations including the National Gallery of Canada and outdoor dance in Ottawa city parks and other Urban settings. It attracts international dance promoters and international media who attend the festival to follow the developments of Canadian dance and to select artists for their respective festivals and dance series.
The signature activity of the Canada Dance Festival Society, it brings together over 250 artists from across the country to participate in a 9-day event, promoting contemporary Canadian Dance. The festival is a non-profit national organization that presents live dance performances by professional artists. Since 1997, the CDF has also produced a smaller event every other year to promote its ongoing presence and to further invest in the Ottawa community. Dance Advance started as a series of free performances featuring professional and pre-professional artists from the region. Dance Advance now changes its content each year to respond to partnerships and opportunities to present artists in a less intensive environment.
Thorne's meadow nematode (Thorne's root-lesion nematode; Pratylenchus thornei) is a plant pathogenic nematode.
Dial 999 is a 1938 British crime film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring John Longden, Elizabeth Kent and Neville Brook. It was made as a quota quickie by 20th Century Fox at Wembley Studios. The film's title aimed to capitalize on the recent introduction of the emergency telephone number 999.
Morocco, currently a monarchy, has known some attempts to establish republican forms of government. Some of those attempts are continuing to this day:
Morisco refugees from Andalusia formed in Salé and Rabat the Republic of Bou Regreg, a base for piracy (1627-1668).
Berber rebels in the Rif Region first established the Rif Republic (1921-1926) under Abd el-Krim against Spanish colonial rule, the state lasted until 1925 when the rebels tried to take the city of Fes, in a failed attempt to expand the republic into French Morocco.
In 1971 army cadets under General Madbouh and Colonel Ababuh attacked king Hassan II in the Shkirat palace. A republic was proclaimed on Radio Rabat, was but suppressed by General Mohamed Oufkir. However, in 1972 Oufkir initiated his own coup d'état; the Air Force tried multiple times to bring down the king's airplane, attacked the Rabat airport and bombed the royal palace in Rabat. The coup ultimately failed.
During the 2011–2012 Moroccan protests, a few protesters chanted republican slogans. They were mainly from the Al Adl Wa Al Ihssane Islamist movement, the Ila al-Amam marxist group and some leftist streams. These slogans weren't repeated by the vast majority of the protesters.
The 1974 Pacific Southwest Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Los Angeles Tennis Center in Los Angeles, California in the United States. The event was categorized as an AA Group tournament and was part of the 1974 Grand Prix tennis circuit. It was the 48th edition of the tournament and ran from September 17 through September 23, 1974. First-seeded and defending champion Jimmy Connors won the singles title after having survived two matchpoints in his first round match against Mal Anderson. With his victory Connors earned $16,000 first prize money as well as 80 Grand Prix ranking points.
Nova Guataporanga is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population is 2,325 (2020 est.) in an area of 34.2 km². The elevation is 382 m.
James Samuel Berridge (24 September 1806 – 5 November 1885) was a British planter, businessman, judge and politician who served as Governors of  Saint Kitts.
A major subset of the Discworld novels of Terry Pratchett involves the witches of Lancre. The three main witches introduced in 1988's Wyrd Sisters — crone Esme Weatherwax, mother Nanny Ogg and maiden Magrat Garlick — are a spoof on the Three Witches in Shakespeare's Macbeth, and a tongue-in-cheek reinterpretation of the Neopagans' Triple Goddess. The three witches are portrayed as more sensible and realistic than the often-foolish residents of the Discworld, and Granny Weatherwax "especially tends to give voice to the major themes of Pratchett's work."
Clyde Troutt (August 23, 1901 - October, 1979) was an American trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses. From Benton, Illinois, on March 15, 1938 Troutt replaced Frank Hackett as one of the trainers of the prominent John and Fannie Hertz stable. For his own account, he claimed Take Wing in early July 1942 for $3,000  and who would then earn more than $160,000 and set a new North American record for a mile and three-sixteenths on turf.
Lembit Vahesaar (2 February 1936 Tallinn – 25 April 2013 Tallinn) was an Estonian chess and draughts referee and sports official. He was the best chess coach and organizer in 20th century in Estonia.In 1960 he graduated from Tallinn Pedagogical Institute (as an Estonian language, literature, and history teacher).His chess coach studies were done under the guidance of Kaljus Pettai. Since 1969 he has the highest coach license of FIDE. He was a coach in four matches in World Chess Championships.During 1991-2002 he was permanent representative of Estonia to FIDE. During 1990-1992 he was the president of Estonian Chess Federation.During 1992-2000 he was a member of Estonian Olympic Committee.
Kaeng Suea Ten Dam (Thai: เขื่อนแก่งเสือเต้น, RTGS: Khuean Kaeng Suea Ten, pronounced [kʰɯ̀a̯n kɛ̀ŋ sɯ̌a̯ tên]) was a dam proposed for a site in the Phi Pan Nam Range, in Song District, Phrae Province, Thailand. It is near Mae Yom National Park, in a rural area of the Thai highlands.
Levi Coleman (born December 14, 1986 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American soccer player who currently is the head coach of Tulsa Athletic and an assistant at Oral Roberts University.
Abigail Whelan (born January 13, 1988) is an American politician from Minnesota and former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, she represented District 35A, which included a portion of Anoka County, Minnesota.
Gervais Waye-Hive (born 11 June 1988) is a Seychellois professional footballer who plays as a forward for St Michel United FC.
Earl Amherst (), of Arracan in the East Indies, was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 19 December 1826, for William Amherst, 2nd Baron Amherst, the Governor-General of India. He was made Viscount Holmesdale, in the County of Kent, at the same time, also in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. 
Lord Amherst had succeeded his uncle Jeffery Amherst, 1st Baron Amherst, as second Baron Amherst in 1797. The latter was a distinguished military commander best known as one of the victors of the French and Indian War. In 1776, he was raised to the Peerage of Great Britain as Baron Amherst, of Holmesdale in the County of Kent, with normal remainder to heirs male of his body. In 1788, he was created Baron Amherst, of Montreal in the County of Kent, also in the Peerage of Great Britain, with special remainder to his nephew William Pitt Amherst and the heirs male of his body. 
The 1776 barony became extinct on his death in 1797, while he was succeeded in the 1778 barony as second Baron according to the special remainder by his nephew, William Amherst, who later was elevated to an earldom in 1826. 
The first Earl was succeeded in 1857, by his second but eldest surviving son, the second Earl, who prior to his ennoblement had represented East Grinstead in the House of Commons. On his death in 1886 the titles passed to his eldest son, the third Earl. He was a soldier and politician, who in 1880 had been summoned to the House of Lords through a writ of acceleration in his father's junior title of Baron Amherst. He died childless in 1910 and was succeeded by his younger brother, the fourth Earl. The latter was  one of the 112 peers who voted against the passing of the Parliament Act 1911. In 1927, he was succeeded by his son, the fifth Earl, on whose death in 1993, the titles became extinct.
John Amherst (c. 1718–1778), brother of the first baron, was an admiral in the Royal Navy. William Amherst, brother of the first baron and father of the first earl, was a Lieutenant-General in the British Army.
Ring is the fifth studio album by the American alternative rock band the Connells, released in 1993.The album (and band)'s biggest hit was the single "'74–'75", which reached the top ten in 11 European countries, peaking at No. 1 in Norway and Sweden, and appeared on the soundtrack of the 1995 film Heavy. In the UK, the album reached number 36 on the UK Albums Chart while "'74-'75" peaked at number 14 on the UK Singles Chart. In the US, the album reached number 199 on the Billboard 200 with the single "Slackjawed" reaching number nine on Billboard's Alternative Songs chart.
Larry Fisher (June 6, 1907 – February 4, 2001) was an American real estate developer and philanthropist who co-founded the Fisher Brothers real estate development company.
A gun turret (or simply turret) is a mounting platform from which weapons can be fired that affords protection, visibility and ability to turn and aim. A modern gun turret is generally a rotatable weapon mount that houses the crew or mechanism of a projectile-firing weapon and at the same time lets the weapon be aimed and fired in some degree of azimuth and elevation (cone of fire).
Frank Gasparro (August 26, 1909 – September 29, 2001) was the tenth Chief Engraver of the United States Mint, holding this position from February 23, 1965, to January 16, 1981. Before that, he was Assistant Engraver. He designed both sides of the Susan B. Anthony dollar, both sides of the Eisenhower Dollar (with the exception of the Bicentennial issues of 1975–1976), the Lincoln Memorial reverse of the cent (minted from 1959 to 2008), and the reverse of the Kennedy half dollar.
Carissa is a genus of shrubs or small trees native to tropical and subtropical regions of Africa, Australia and Asia. Until recently about 100 species were listed, but most of them have been relegated to the status of synonyms or assigned to other genera, such as Acokanthera.
Smerdyna [smɛrˈdɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Staszów and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of  789.
LaShanda Teresa James Korley is a Distinguished Professor of Materials Science at the University of Delaware and an expert in soft matter, polymers, and nature-inspired materials. On a larger scale, Korley is also working on developing strategies and technologies to prevent plastic waste in landfills and oceans by upcycling plastic waste to more valuable products. She leads such efforts through the Center for Plastics Innovation, the Center for Research in Soft Matter and Polymers, and also the Center for Hybrid, Active, and Responsive Materials (CHARM). Korley was awarded the 2019 National Organization for the Professional Advancement of Black Chemists and Chemical Engineers Lloyd N. Ferguson Young Scientist Award for Excellence in Research.
Touched is a 1983 American romantic drama film directed by John Flynn starring Robert Hays and Kathleen Beller.
The Tower of Hanoi (also called The problem of Benares Temple or Tower of Brahma or Lucas' Tower and sometimes pluralized as Towers, or simply pyramid puzzle) is a mathematical game or puzzle consisting of three rods and a number of disks of various diameters, which can slide onto any rod. The puzzle begins with the disks stacked on one rod in order of decreasing size, the smallest at the top, thus approximating a conical shape. The objective of the puzzle is to move the entire stack to the last rod, obeying the following rules:
Each move consists of taking the upper disk from one of the stacks and placing it on top of another stack or on an empty rod.
No disk may be placed on top of a disk that is smaller than it.With 3 disks, the puzzle can be solved in 7 moves. The minimal number of moves required to solve a Tower of Hanoi puzzle is 2n − 1, where n is the number of disks.
Bogodukhov uyezd was an uyezd (district) in Kharkov Governorate of the Russian Empire.
Aleksandrów [alɛkˈsandruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
In automotive engineering, the firewall (American English) or bulkhead (British English) is the part of the automobile body (unibody or body-on-frame) that separates the engine compartment from the passenger compartment (driver and passengers).  It is most commonly a separate component of the body or, in monocoque construction, a separate steel pressing, but may be continuous with the floorpan, or its edges may form part of the door pillars.  The name originates from steam-powered vehicles, where the firewall separated the driver from the fire heating the boiler.
In aviation, a firewall on an aircraft isolates the engine(s) from other parts of the airframe. In single-engine aircraft, it is the part of the fuselage that separates the engine compartment from the cockpit. In most multi-engine propeller aircraft, the firewall typically divides the nacelle from the wing of the aircraft, or divides the nacelle into two zones.
The 2020 Kansas Democratic presidential primary occurred on Saturday, May 2, 2020; this was the sole contest scheduled on that date in the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The Kansas primary is a closed party-run primary. The state awards 47 delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention, of which 41 are pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the primary. Voters cast ranked choice voting ballots, with a voter's ballot counting for a backup ranked choice if their first choice was in last place and below the 15 percent threshold for winning delegates. Joe Biden won the primary, taking 76.8% of the vote after the distribution of preferences compared to Bernie Sanders 23.2%.
Slats are aerodynamic surfaces on the leading edge of the wings of fixed-wing aircraft which, when deployed, allow the wing to operate at a higher angle of attack. A higher coefficient of lift is produced as a result of angle of attack and speed, so by deploying slats an aircraft can fly at slower speeds, or take off and land in shorter distances. They are usually used while landing or performing maneuvers which take the aircraft close to a stall, but are usually retracted in normal flight to minimize drag. They decrease stall speed.
Slats are one of several high-lift devices used on airliners, such as flap systems running along the trailing edge of the wing.
The Stone Court refers to the Supreme Court of the United States from 1941 to 1946, when Harlan F. Stone served as Chief Justice of the United States. Stone succeeded Charles Evans Hughes as Chief Justice after the latter's retirement, and Stone served as Chief Justice until his death, at which point Fred Vinson was nominated and confirmed as Stone's replacement. He was the fourth chief justice to have previously served as an associate justice and the second to have done so without a break in tenure (after Edward Douglass White). Presiding over the country during World War II, the Stone Court delivered several important war-time rulings, such as in Ex parte Quirin, where it upheld the President's power to try Nazi saboteurs captured on American soil by military tribunals. He also supported the federal government's policy of relocating Japanese Americans into internment camps.
Elín Rannveig Briem (1856–1937) was an Icelandic teacher and writer who in 1889 published one of Iceland's most popular books, Kvennafræðarinn (The Women's Instructor). Principally a cookbook, it also provided advice to housewives on health, hygiene and economics. The work was based on the classes she gave to her students while headmistress of the girls college at Ytri-Ey near Skagaströnd in the north of Iceland.
Fabiano Da Rosa Beltrame (born 29 August 1982) is a Brazilian-born Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Liga 1 club Arema, on loan from Liga 2 club Persis Solo.
John Paul William Mann (born 25 November 1983) is a former English cricketer.  Mann was a right-handed batsman who bowled leg break.  He was born at Northampton, Northamptonshire.
Mann made his List-A debut for the Northamptonshire Cricket Board in the 2000 NatWest Trophy against Northumberland.  His second and final List-A appearance for the team came in the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy against the Yorkshire Cricket Board.In 2003, Mann joined Cambridgeshire, where he made his Minor Counties Championship debut against Suffolk.  From 2003 to 2005, he represented the county in 18 Minor Counties Championship matches, with his final appearance coming against Staffordshire.  Mann also played 8 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches for the county from 2003 to 2005.  He also represented the county in a single trophy match in 2007 against Hertfordshire, which was his final appearance for the county.
Mann also represented Cambridgeshire in a single List-A match in the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy against Northamptonshire.  In his 3 List-A matches, he scored just 6 runs at a batting average of 3.00, with a high score of 5.
The SDP–Liberal Alliance was a centrist and social liberal political and electoral alliance in the United Kingdom.
Formed by the Social Democratic Party (SDP) and the Liberal Party, the SDP–Liberal Alliance was established in 1981, contesting the 1982 United Kingdom local elections, 1983 United Kingdom local elections, 1983 general election, 1984 United Kingdom local elections, 1984 European election,  1985 United Kingdom local elections, 1986 United Kingdom local elections, 1987 United Kingdom local elections and 1987 general election.The SDP–Liberal Alliance ceased to exist in 1988, when the two component parties merged to form the Social and Liberal Democrats, under which label they stood in the 1988 United Kingdom local elections, later renamed the Liberal Democrats.
The 2021 Pro Bowl was to be the National Football League all-star game for the 2020 NFL season, originally scheduled to be played on January 31, 2021 at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada.
In October 2020, the NFL announced that it had canceled the game due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and had deferred Las Vegas's hosting of the game to 2022. The league still conducted a fan vote to determine the Pro Bowl rosters, and instead organized alternative festivities such as Verzuz "highlight battles" featuring NFL players; and a "virtual" Pro Bowl featuring a game of Madden NFL 21 played with the Pro Bowl rosters (controlled by teams of NFL players, alumni, and celebrity guests).
AKT II is a London based firm of structural and civil engineering consultants. It was founded as Adams Kara Taylor in 1996 by Hanif Kara, Albert Williamson-Taylor (an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects since 2009) and Robin Adams. Now numbering over 350 employees, it is one of the largest structural engineers in London.
The Scottish Science and Technology Roadshow (SCI-FUN), is a non-profit science roadshow for schools run by the University of Edinburgh.The organisation states its aim as 'increasing enjoyment of and participation in science and technology-based subjects in Scottish schools' and operates mainly at Standard Grade level. It operates a travelling roadshow which visits schools in Scotland and the north of England, and organises special events such as at the Edinburgh International Science Festival. Its mode of operation as a travelling roadshow enables SCI-FUN to provide a science centre experience to pupils in remote areas of Scotland, such as the Highlands and Islands.
The Actors' Analects (役者論語, Yakusha Rongo) is a collection of 17th and early 18th century writings on the practice and aesthetics of acting in Japan's kabuki theatre form, compiled during or around the Genroku era (1688-1704). Though not providing much direct information about the origins or history of the development of kabuki in prior periods, the  works collected were written at a time when many of the standards of kabuki were being established and formalized; the work thus reflects the philosophies and aesthetics of one of kabuki's most formative periods. One of the earliest extant versions was originally published in 1776, as a set of woodblock printed books in four volumes. It is unclear whether the Analects were printed as a collection before this time, but references to the "seven writings" indicate that the works were considered together as a group, even if they were not published in such a fashion, since their creation in the early 18th century.
Some of the works collected in the Analects were also printed separately, or along with other works, such as scripts for non-kabuki plays, or various other writings on advice for actors and the like. Some of these separate printings indicate that the versions found in the collected Analects are either incomplete versions, or evolved, revised versions of the original works.
The English-language title derives from the fact that 論語 (Rongo in Japanese) is the original Chinese name for what is known in English as the Analects of Confucius.
Arjun Reddy is a 2017 Indian Telugu-language romantic drama film written and directed by Sandeep Reddy Vanga, and produced by his brother Pranay Reddy Vanga's company Bhadrakali Pictures. It stars Vijay Deverakonda and Shalini Pandey while Rahul Ramakrishna, Jia Sharma, Sanjay Swaroop, Gopinath Bhat, Kamal Kamaraju and Kanchana appear in supporting roles. The film tells the story of Arjun Reddy Deshmukh (Deverakonda), a high-functioning alcoholic surgeon who has anger management problems. Arjun is on a self-destructive path after the marriage of his girlfriend Preethi Shetty (Pandey); the film focuses on his downfall and subsequent resurgence.
Arjun Reddy was partially inspired by Sandeep Vanga's life as a physiotherapy student. He worked on the script for two years and it took four to five years for the film to materialise. Principal photography commenced on 20 June 2016 at Hyderabad and took 86 working days to complete. Other filming locations include Mangalore, Dehradun and New Delhi, filming also took place in Italy. Radhan and Harshvardhan Rameshwar composed the soundtrack and score, respectively. Raj Thota was director of photography and Shashank Mali edited the film.
Made on a budget of ₹50–51.5 million; the film was released worldwide on 25 August 2017. It received positive reviews for its direction, writing, cinematography and the cast performances—especially that of Deverakonda, but drew criticism for allegedly promoting substance abuse among young people and for its romantic scenes. The film was a box office success, grossing ₹510 million globally, with a distributor share of ₹260 million. It received six nominations at the 65th Filmfare Awards South, including Best Telugu Film and Best Telugu Director for Vanga; the film's only win was Best Telugu Actor for Deverakonda. The film was remade in Hindi as Kabir Singh (2019) and twice in Tamil: as Adithya Varma (2019) and Varmaa (2020).
This is Daniel Cook is a Canadian children's television series created by J. J. Johnson and Blair Powers and produced by Toronto's Marblemedia and Sinking Ship Productions in association with Treehouse TV and TVO, and is shown in Canada on Treehouse TV, TVOKids, Access, Knowledge Network, and SCN. The series also aired on the Disney Channel (in the United States), in between programs in the mid to late 2000s. As of now, the show airs on Qubo, as a full 30-minute program. The series also aired on Disney in Japan, E-Junior in the United Arab Emirates and on ABC2 (in Australia).
The show is about a 7 year old boy (age 7 to 8 in the first seasons but age 9 in the second season) called Daniel Cook who learns new things and shares his experiences and adventures with other kids. For example, he learns about taekwondo, gymnastics, and animals. He also visits a fire station, a YMCA, and more. The show was filmed in Toronto, Ontario; New Brunswick; Nova Scotia, and Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida. Every episode is six minutes long, while the half-hour shows consist of five six-minute episodes. The series has been sold by Distribution360 to over eighty-five countries worldwide, and dubbed into fourteen languages.
The series has also launched a six-volume book series distributed by Kids Can Press and produced by marblemedia. Five DVDs have also been released featuring episodes from the series.
There is another television series that complement This is Daniel Cook called This is Emily Yeung which premiered on Treehouse TV in September 2006, with later revivals that are This is Scarlett and Isaiah and the upcoming series This is Miss Markeda and Mr. Christian.
A non-directional (radio) beacon (NDB) is a radio transmitter at a known location, used as an aviation or marine navigational aid. As the name implies, the signal transmitted does not include inherent directional information, in contrast to other navigational aids such as low frequency radio range, VHF omnidirectional range (VOR) and TACAN. NDB signals follow the curvature of the Earth, so they can be received at much greater distances at lower altitudes, a major advantage over VOR. However, NDB signals are also affected more by atmospheric conditions, mountainous terrain, coastal refraction and electrical storms, particularly at long range.
The 1974 Western Isles Area Council election, the first election to the Western Isles Council, was held on 7 May 1974 as part of the wider 1974 Scottish regional elections. All candidates stood as Independents, and 16 candidates were elected unopposed.
The 1955 Oregon Webfoots football team represented the University of Oregon in the Pacific Coast Conference (PCC) during the 1955 college football season.  In their fifth season under head coach Len Casanova, the Webfoots compiled a 6–4 record (4–3 against PCC opponents), finished in fourth place in the PCC, and outscored their opponents, 204 to 158. The team played its home games at Hayward Field in Eugene, Oregon.
The Michael Martin Murphey discography consists of 33 albums and 46 singles. Having first charted with "Geronimo's Cadillac" in 1972, he did not chart again until "Wildfire" three years later. Initially a pop singer, Murphey shifted to country music in 1982 with "What's Forever For", a number 1 country hit. On his earlier works he was billed as simply "Michael Murphey", adding his middle name with the 1982 album Michael Martin Murphey.
The Stone Flower (Russian: Каменный цветок, tr. Kamennyy tsvetok) is a 1946 Soviet fantasy film directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It is an adaptation of Pavel Bazhov's story of the same name, in turn based on Ural region Russian folklore. It also incorporates plot elements from the stories "The Mistress of the Copper Mountain" and "The Master Craftsman".The Stone Flower was theatrically released by Mosfilm on 28 April 1946. It was the Soviet Union's first color film shot on Agfacolor negative film seized in Germany, and was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival. It was a success at the box-office in the year 1946 in USSR, it was seen by 23.17 million viewers.
Patrick Bahanack (born 3 August 1997) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Greek Super League 2 club Levadiakos.
Carl Friedrich von Siemens (5 September 1872, in Berlin – 9 September 1941, in Heinendorf, near Potsdam) was a German Entrepreneur and politician. A member of the Siemens family, he became associated with Siemens & Halske AG in 1899, his family company. He was responsible for the resurrection of the Siemens Group after the First World War. Before his death in 1941, he oversaw state railways for the Reichstag.
The Springdales Schools are a group of English-language, co-educational schools run by the Springdales Education Society in New Delhi, India. There are five branches of the school: Pusa Road, Dhaula Kuan, Jaipur, Kirti Nagar, and Dubai. They have produced a long list of alumni in the field of arts, business, science, military and civil service. The school completed their Golden Jubilee in the year 2005. The schools are affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).The Pusa Road branch was inaugurated by former Indian president Dr Zakir Husain.The school motto, 'Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam', is a Sanskrit phrase which roughly translates to 'The world is a family'.
The Estado Novo (Portuguese pronunciation: [(ɨ)ʃˈtadu, -ðu ˈnovu], lit. "New State") was the corporatist regime installed in Portugal in 1933. It evolved from the Ditadura Nacional ("National Dictatorship") formed after the coup d'état of 28 May 1926 against the democratic and unstable First Republic. Together, the Ditadura Nacional and the Estado Novo are recognised by historians as the Second Portuguese Republic (Portuguese: Segunda República Portuguesa). The Estado Novo, greatly inspired by conservative and autocratic ideologies, was developed by António de Oliveira Salazar, who was President of the Council of Ministers from 1932 until illness forced him out of office in 1968.
The Estado Novo was one of the longest-surviving authoritarian regimes in Europe. Opposed to communism, socialism, anarchism, liberalism and anti-colonialism, the regime was conservative, corporatist, and nationalist in nature, defending Portugal's traditional Catholicism. Its policy envisaged the perpetuation of Portugal as a pluricontinental nation under the doctrine of lusotropicalism, with Angola, Mozambique, and other Portuguese territories as extensions of Portugal itself, and it being a supposed source of civilization and stability to the overseas societies in the African and Asian possessions. Under the Estado Novo, Portugal tried to perpetuate a vast, centuries-old empire with a total area of 2,168,071 square kilometres (837,097 sq mi), while other former colonial powers had largely already acceded to global calls for self-determination and independence.Portugal joined the United Nations (UN) in 1955 and was a founding member of NATO (1949), the OECD (1961), and EFTA (1960). In 1968, Marcello Caetano was appointed the new head, and he continued to pave the way towards economic integration with Europe, achieving the signature of the free trade agreement with the European Economic Community in 1972.
From 1950 until Salazar's death in 1970, Portugal saw its GDP per capita increase at an annual average rate of 5.7 per cent. Despite the remarkable economic growth, and economic convergence, by the fall of the Estado Novo in 1974, Portugal still had the lowest per capita income in Western Europe as well as the highest rate of preventable deaths and infant mortality rate in Europe. On 25 April 1974, the Carnation Revolution in Lisbon, a military coup organized by left-wing Portuguese military officers – the Armed Forces Movement (MFA) – overthrew the Estado Novo regime.
Estonian Fencing Federation (abbreviation EFF; Estonian: Eesti Vehklemisliit) is one of the sport governing bodies in Estonia which deals with fencing.EFF is established on 2 December 1989 in Tallinn. EFF is a successor of Estonian SSR Fencing Federation (Estonian: Eesti NSV Vehklemisföderatsioon) which was established in 1948. EFF is a member of International Fencing Federation (FIE).
The Hanover–Brunswick Railway is a German main line railway in Lower Saxony and is one of the oldest lines in Germany, opened in 1843 and 1844. It was the first railway line linking to the city of Hanover and the first operating line of the Royal Hanoverian State Railways (German: Königlich Hannöversche Staatseisenbahnen). It is now one of the main routes for east-west traffic. The main intermediate station is Peine.
El Salto is a rock climbing area in the Mexican state of Nuevo León, in Northeastern Mexico. The climbing area is near to Ciénega de González village, Santiago municipality, 60 km away from Monterrey. El Salto is one of the few climbing areas in northern Mexico where overhanging limestone full of tufa can be found. Only All-wheel drive  vehicles are able to get into the area. Las Animas wall can be reached by foot in about 20 minutes. The name “El Salto” refers to a waterfall near the climbing area.
Supy [ˈsupɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytuły, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 29 kilometres (18 mi) north-east of Łomża and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
Chung Mong-koo (born March 19, 1938, in Gangwon Province) is a South Korean businessman. He is the honorary chairman and former CEO of Hyundai Motor Group, Korea's second largest chaebol that manages 54 subsidiaries including Hyundai Motor, Kia Motors, and Hyundai Steel. He started his career in 1970, joining the engineering & construction division of the group. Chung succeeded his father, Chung Ju-yung, the founder of the conglomerate known as the Hyundai Group. When the conglomerate split into several parts in 1999, Chung Mong-koo took over the Hyundai Motor division. He is the eldest surviving son of Chung Ju-yung's eight sons.
He was convicted of embezzlement and breach of fiduciary duty in February 2007, but was given a suspended sentence and was fully pardoned by President Lee Myung-bak.
Astrid Jóhanna Andreasen (born July 31, 1948 in Vestmanna, Faroe Islands) is a Faroese artist, illustrator and postage stamp designer. As a scientific illustrator, she specialises in marine animals.
Andreasen grew up in Vestmanna, as the daughter of Andreas Andreasen (1906–1974), a teacher, and Daniella Andreasen, a housewife. Early in her career she produced illustrations for collections of her father's poetry. From 1968 to 1970 she studied at a vocational school in Kerteminde in Denmark to become a teacher of embroidery. In 1974 she studied to become an occupational therapist in Hellerup. In the 1970's she took a job as a therapist in Tórshavn hospital where she worked with mentally handicapped people, teaching them embroidery and other art forms.
From 1984 to 1986, Andreasen learned illustration and weaving at the Academy of Arts in Århus, and from 1990 to 1991 she specialized in scientific illustration at the Gerlesborg School of Fine Art as well as at the Tjärnö Marine Biological Laboratory.Andreasen worked from 1999 until 2016 as a scientific illustrator at the National Museum of the Faroe Islands. She has gained international recognition through her illustrations for Postverk Føroya. As an artist she is especially known for her textile art works, which are held by the collection of the National Gallery of the Faroe Islands. Together with her daughter Katrin (* 1971), she produced the altarpiece of the Vestmanna church, a Tree of Life made out of wood and metal.
List of Faroese members of the parliament of Denmark. The Faroe Islands elect two members for the Danish parliament. From 1849 to 1953 the Folketing was one of the two houses in the bicameral parliament known as the Rigsdag; the other house was known as the Landsting.
The Avionics Services Caçador is a Brazilian multi-role MALE unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) developed from the Israeli IAI Heron with transfer of technology.The Caçador was developed by Avionics Services with support from a local IAI subsidiary that supplied know-how and technology. IAI Brasil acquired forty percent of the company, keeping Avionics Services under the benefit of the national law on "Strategic Defense Company" that requires two thirds of non-foreign ownership.
Constance Foore "Connee" Boswell (December 3, 1907 – October 11, 1976) was an American female vocalist born in Kansas City but raised in New Orleans, Louisiana. With sisters Martha and Helvetia "Vet", she performed in the 1920s and 1930s as the trio The Boswell Sisters. They started as instrumentalists but became a highly influential singing group via their recordings and film and television appearancesConnee herself is widely considered one of the greatest jazz female vocalists and was a major influence on Ella Fitzgerald, who said, "My mother brought home one of her records, and I fell in love with it... I tried so hard to sound just like her." In 1936, Connee's sisters retired and Connee continued on as a solo artist (having also recorded solos during her years with the group).
Ahtme Power Plant (Estonian: Ahtme soojuselektrijaam) was an oil shale-fired power plant in Ahtme, Kohtla-Järve, Estonia. It was owned by VKG Soojus, a subsidiary of Viru Keemia Grupp.  Until the end 2012, it supplied with heat Ahtme district of Kohtla-Järve and Jõhvi.Construction of the 48 MW Ahtme Power Plant by Baltische Öl started in 1942 as a part of the larger oil-shale processing complex. To survive the war time air strikes, the plant was to be located below the ground. However, it was never finished and was destroyed by the retreating Germans.The new plant was designed by AtomEnergoProekt.  The first generator of the plant was commissioned on 28 October 1951 with the second generator following at the end of the same year.  The first generator had a capacity of 22.5 MW.  At the beginning the plant used Riley Stoker boilers and General Electric generators; however, boilers developed for the pulverized firing of coal and lignite were not fit to work on pulverized oil shale.  The planned capacity of 72.5 MW which made it the most powerful power plant in Estonia until the commissioning of the Narva Power Plants, was reached only at the end of the 1950s.Originally the main task of the plant was to provide electricity and heat to the nearby Ahtme oil shale mine and other oil shale industries. Later it started to heat Ahtme and Jõhvi towns. After commissioning of the Narva Power Plants the importance of the Ahtme Power Plant as an electricity producer decreased and it was mainly utilized as a heating plant. Correspondingly, the electrical capacity of the plant was decreased. Since 2000, the plant has installed capacity of 30 MW of electricity and 370 MW of heat. It is equipped with three Barnaul BKZ-75-39F middle-pressure boilers and two Bukkau type boilers, one 20 MW Sverdlovsk and one 10 MW VEB Görlitzer Maschinenbau AT-25-2 turbine.Before closure of the Ahtme oil shale mine, oil shale for the power plant was supplied from there. As a start up fuel, the plant used shale oil. Its cooling water was piped from Lake Konsu, located 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) southeast. Oil shale ash was dumped in the nearby ash field. Ash was transported in closed the system by pumping ash and water mixture to the depository field. Closure of the ash landfill was supported from the European Union Cohesion Fund. Part of oil shale ash was used to produce cinder blocks at the Ahtme building materials factory.On 1 January 2013 the plant was closed due to EU environmental regulations.  In March 2011, a 100 MW natural gas-fired boiler house for peak and back-up loads was commissioned, which continues operating after closure of the old power plant.
Cameraria acericola is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Japan (Hokkaido) and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 6.5–8.5 mm.The larvae feed as leaf miners on Acer mono. The mine consists of a blotch which is entirely flat and located on the upper surface of the leaf. The cocoon is buff white, ellipsoidal and placed in the centre of the mine-cavity.
The Lesser Virgin Islands skink (Spondylurus semitaeniatus) is a species of skink found in the United States Virgin Islands and the British Virgin Islands.
Hayesville is a village in Ashland County, Ohio, United States. The population was 448 at the 2010 census.
William "Bill" John Tush, III, born October 16, 1948 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is an American news journalist and humorist. In high school, Tush showed an early interest in broadcast performance and started working in radio professionally while a Junior in High school. Tush went to work in Atlanta, Georgia for Ted Turner, first as an announcer, later developing Tush, a comedy show broadcast on Turner's WTBS SuperStation.
FC Domodedovo Moscow (Russian: ФК «Домодедово» Москва) was a Russian football team based in Domodedovo and officially registered in Moscow. It was founded in 2013 by twin player brothers Dmitri Kombarov and Kirill Kombarov. In 2014–15 season, it advanced to the professional level, the third-tier Russian Professional Football League. The club was dissolved following the 2016–17 season.
Alan Frizzell (born 14 April 1995 in Greenock) is a Scottish footballer playing with WoSFL Premiership side Kilbirnie Ladeside. 
He started his career with local side Greenock Morton, before turning Junior with Port Glasgow. He then had spells with Dumbarton, Largs Thistle, Clydebank, Neilston Juniors, Greenock Juniors, and Broomhill.
The Consulate-General of the Russian Federation in Shanghai is the diplomatic mission of Russia in Hongkou District, Shanghai. It is located at 20 Huangpu Road on The Bund in Shanghai, next to the Garden Bridge near the convergence of the Suzhou and Huangpu rivers, and across the road from the Astor House Hotel. It was established in 1896 and has occupied the present building since 1917.The Russian Consulate School in Shanghai, an overseas primary school operated by the Russian Foreign Affairs Ministry, is on the consulate grounds.
David Lawrence Bass (2 February 1842 – 15 October 1886) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Second Battle of Fort Fisher.
Berwick Area Senior High School (also called Berwick Area High School, Berwick High School or BHS) is a small, rural, public high school  in Columbia County, in Northeastern Pennsylvania, United States. In Columbia County, the school serves children living in: Briar Creek Township Briar Creek, Berwick and Foundryville. The school also serves children living in: East Berwick, Nescopeck, Nescopeck Township, Hollenback Township, Salem Township in Luzerne County. The school is the only public high school in the Berwick Area School District.
"Phineas and Ferb: Star Wars" (also titled "Episode IVa: May the Ferb Be with You") is a 1-hour long crossover episode of the American animated series Phineas and Ferb featuring characters from Star Wars. It aired on July 26, 2014, on Disney Channel and later on Disney XD on August 4, 2014. The story, while non-canonical, is a retelling of the 1977 film Star Wars in the style of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead, where the Phineas and Ferb characters interact with the Star Wars characters. It is the 31st episode of the fourth season and the 215th episode overall.
Seboomook Lake is an unorganized territory in Somerset County, Maine, United States. The population was 48 at the 2010 census.
Peters, Florida was a community in southern Dade County during the first half of the 20th century. It was located at the intersection of Quail Roost Road and the Florida East Coast Railway, and later became part of Perrine.
Institute for Nuclear Research and Nuclear Energy (INRNE) of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences is
the leading center for research and application of the nuclear physics in Bulgaria.
Theory of the elementary particles, string theory, theory of atomic nuclei, soliton interactions and quantum phenomena
Radiochemistry, high precision analyses of substances, development and production of radioactive sources
Nuclear instrument design and productionThe institute's staff of about 320 (150 of them are scientific researchers) works in 16 laboratories, 2 scientific experimental facilities and 9 departments providing general support activities.
This is a list of the bird species recorded in Laos. The avifauna of Laos include a total of 774 species, of which two have been introduced by humans.
This list's taxonomic treatment (designation and sequence of orders, families and species) and nomenclature (common and scientific names) follow the conventions of The Clements Checklist of Birds of the World, 2021 edition. The family accounts at the beginning of each heading reflect this taxonomy, as do the species counts found in each family account. Introduced and accidental species are included in the total counts for Laos.
The following tags have been used to highlight several categories, but not all species fall into one of these categories. Those that do not are commonly occurring native species.
(A) Accidental - a species that rarely or accidentally occurs in Laos
(I) Introduced - a species introduced to Laos as a consequence, direct or indirect, of human actions
Al-Taka Sports Club (Arabic: نادي التاكا الرياضي) also known as Al-Taka Kassala is a Sudanese football club based in Kassala. It was founded in 1970. They play in the second division in Sudanese football, Sudan Premier League. Their home stadium is Stade Al-Taka Kassala.They were in the top division in 2005 but they were relegated at the end of the season
"Mobile" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne from her debut studio album, Let Go (2002). The song was written by Lavigne and Clif Magness, with production being helmed solely by Magness. In May 2003, the song was released in New Zealand as the fifth and final single from the album.
Athletics is one of the sports at the biennial Games of the Small States of Europe. Athletics competitions have been held at every edition of the games since 1985 and is one of the eight core sports of the games.
The  1985-86 Turkish First Football League season had 19 clubs participating. Beşiktaş J.K. won the championship.  Galatasaray finished the season undefeated, however finished second on goal difference.
Vitalie Rimbaud (born Jeanne Rosalie Vitalie Rimbaud; 15 June 1858 in Charleville – 18 December 1875 in Charleville) was the elder of the two surviving sisters of Arthur Rimbaud.
Nonesuch is an unincorporated community in Woodford County, Kentucky, United States. The etymology of the area referred to its ability to maintain great crops for agriculture. Specifically, there was no such place that grew so well.
USS Darlington was a captured Confederate steamer acquired by the Union Navy from the prize court during the American Civil War. She was put into service by the Union Navy to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries.
Marguerite de Bourbon, Lady of Albret (1344 – 1416) was a daughter of Peter I, Duke of Bourbon, and his wife Isabella of France, who was a daughter of Charles of France. Margaret was a member of the House of Bourbon.
Margaret married Arnaud Amanieu, Lord of Albret, on 30 June 1368; the marriage was the outcome of a secret treaty between Charles V of France and Arnaud Amanieu. The couple had one son, Charles d'Albret, who became Count of Dreux and Constable of France. He was killed at the Battle of Agincourt.
Whosarat.com is a website, which, in its words, allows individuals to "post, share and request any and all information that has been made public at some point to at least 1 person of the public prior to posting it on this site pertaining to local, state and federal Informants and Law Enforcement Officers."
The site's extensive disclaimer notes that in part that "All posts made by users should be considered as inaccurate opinions unless backed by official documents." It urges members to "Please post informants that are involved with non-violent crimes only."
The Department of Homeland Security is said to have issued an advisory about the site, warning law enforcement officers not even to view the site. "Visiting the site could result in the compromise of government IP addresses.  Searching the site for a particular name could result in that name being cross-indexed to the IP address of the computer used to make the inquiry.  Searching for the names of officers or informants could compromise those individual's identities.  Any website is capable of collecting IP address and search information from visitors, but this site is remarkable because it makes visitor information public."The site believes it is protected by legal precedents set in connection with another website, charmichaelcase, which also posts information about informants.
Sir John Crosse, 2nd Baronet (c. 1700 – 12 March 1762), of Millbank, Westminster, and Rainham, Essex, was a British Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1727 and 1754.
Crosse was the second and younger of the two sons of Sir Thomas Crosse, 1st Baronet and his wife Jane Lambe, daughter of Patrick Lambe, of Stoke Poges, Buckinghamshire. He entered Westminster School on 10 January 1715, aged 14 and matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford, on 21 February 1717, aged 16.Crosse was returned as Member of Parliament for Wootton Basset as an administration candidate at the 1727 British general election. He voted for the Government in all recorded divisions. At the 1734 British general election, he stood for Great Marlow, and was defeated. He was returned unopposed for Lostwithiel at a by-election on 19 May 1735. He succeeded his father to the baronetcy on 27 May 1738, his elder brother, Thomas, having died before him. He was returned again for Lostwithiel at the 1741 British general election, when he also used his influence to support the government candidates at Westminster, rescuing one of them, Lord Sundon, from the mob in his coach. After the fall of Walpole in 1742, he was absent from the division on the Hanoverian troops in December 1742, and voted against them in December 1743 and January 1744. He returned to supporting the Administration, and voted for the Hanoverians in 1746 when he was classed as Old Whig. He did not stand at the 1747 British general election.Crosse had been active in local affairs at Westminster since 1727, and the constituency had been represented by his father. Henry Pelham asked him to stand for Westminster at the 1754 British general election to which he agreed on condition he put up no more than £500 to the costs. He was returned as MP for Westminster, but there is no record of any speeches or votes by him. He declined to stand at the 1761 British general election on grounds of ill health.Crosse married Mary Godfrey on 15 July 1746 at St John's, Westminster. They had no children and on his death at Millbank on 12 March 1762 the baronetcy became extinct. He was buried on 2 April 1762, at St Margaret's, Westminster. His widow was buried in the same church on 25 September 1770.
Dean Timmins (born 11 August 1986 in Wolverhampton, England) is an English-Australian former figure skater. He represented Australia in men's singles. He placed fourth at the 2007 Australian national championships and competed at the 2007 Four Continents Championships, where he placed 20th.
Pleiolama is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore in the family Camelidae, endemic to North America during the Pliocene.
ASOMPS is the abbreviation for Asian Symposium on Medicinal Plants, Spices and Other Natural Products, which is a series of scientific conferences held in Asia at different locations. 
The original title was Asian Symposium on Medicinal Plants and Spices and was modified as Asian Symposium on Medicinal Plants, Spices and Other Natural Products from the 7th meeting in 1992 in Manila, Philippines. The acronym ASOMPS was first introduced in the 4th symposium in 1980 in Bangkok, Thailand.
Fotballklubben Haugesund (English: Football Club Haugesund), usually referred to as FK Haugesund or FKH, is a professional Norwegian football club from the city of Haugesund, Rogaland, Norway. The club currently plays in the Norwegian Eliteserien, the first tier in the Norwegian football league system, after having been promoted in the 2008-2009 season.
FK Haugesund previously played in the top division in 1996-1998 and 2000. The club have been runners-up in the Norwegian Cup in 2007 and 2019 as well as having competed in the qualifying stages for the UEFA Europa League in 2014–15, 2017–18 and 2019–20. The club's best achievement in the national league is the bronze medal in Eliteserien in 2013, and fourth place in the 2016 and 2018-seasons.
It was originally founded on 28 October 1993 after a merger between the Haugesund-based football clubs Djerv 1919 and SK Haugar . Their current head coach is former player, head coach and sporting director Jostein Grindhaug.
The club plays its home matches at the Haugesund stadion near the city-centre of Haugesund. The stadium has a capacity of 8 754. Maakeberget is the official but independent supporter club of FK Haugesund.
Wang Yi (fl. 210s) was a Chinese military general and warrior from the Three Kingdoms period. She was the wife of Zhao Ang, an official who lived during the late Eastern Han dynasty and was aligned with the faction that would later become the state of Wei during the Three Kingdoms period. She is known as the heroic woman for her morally upright character and for fighting alongside her family and the Wei Kingdom in various conflicts with the warlord Ma Chao in the 210s.
The District Municipality of Sechelt (, Shishalh language chat'lich) is located on the lower Sunshine Coast of British Columbia. Approximately 50 km northwest of Vancouver, it is accessible from mainland British Columbia by a 40-minute ferry trip between Horseshoe Bay and Langdale, and a 25-minute drive from Langdale along Highway 101, also known as the Sunshine Coast Highway. The name Sechelt  is derived from the Sechelt language word, shishalh, the name of the First Nations people who first settled the area thousands of years ago.
The original Village of Sechelt was incorporated on February 15, 1956. Sechelt later expanded its boundaries in 1986 with the inclusion of a number of adjacent unincorporated areas. The District of Sechelt, as it is known today, encompasses some 39.71 km² (15.33 sq mi) at the isthmus of the Sechelt Peninsula, between the southern tip of Sechelt Inlet (Porpoise Bay) and the Strait of Georgia that separates the provincial mainland from Vancouver Island.
Sechelt is a seaside community with approx. 35 kilometers of Pacific Ocean shoreline that extends primarily along the coastline of the Sunshine Coast, and is bounded to the west and east by the unincorporated communities of Halfmoon Bay and Roberts Creek, respectively.  The 2016 Canadian census placed its population at 10,200.  Sechelt is the seat of the Sunshine Coast Regional District of British Columbia.
Although its population is relatively small for its geographical area, Sechelt has several distinct neighbourhoods. From east to west, they are Wilson Creek, Davis Bay, Selma Park, the original Village of Sechelt, and West Sechelt.  Several neighbourhoods around Sechelt Inlet were also included in Sechelt's 1986 incorporation as a district; these include West Porpoise Bay, East Porpoise Bay, Sandy Hook, Tillicum Bay and Tuwanek.  The municipal government of the Shishalh First Nation, which contains a substantial commercial district, is immediately east of Sechelt's "downtown" village.
Eric Thomas Skeels (born 27 October 1939) is an English former footballer. He played 512 games in the Football League, 507 for Stoke City. He is Stoke's record appearance holder having played in 597 matches in all competitions.Skeels joined Stoke City in 1959 and soon established himself and an indispensable member of Tony Waddington's starting eleven. He was able to play in all outfield positions and became known for his consistency and racked up a club record 597 appearances. During his 17-year spell at the Victoria Ground he helped Stoke to win the Second Division in 1962–63, finish as runner-up of the League Cup in 1964, before winning the competition in 1972 he also helped them to reach the semi-final of the FA Cup in 1970–71 and 1971–72. He left for American side Seattle Sounders in 1976 before spending a short spell back in Stoke-on-Trent with Port Vale. He then became a pub landlord and played occasionally for Leek Town.
Brasiléia (Portuguese pronunciation: [bɾaziˈlɛjɐ]) is a Brazilian municipality located in the northern state of Acre. Its population in 2020 was estimated at 26,702 inhabitants. Its area is 336,189 km2. Located 237 km south of Rio Branco on the border with Bolivia, has its limits with the municipalities Epitaciolândia, Assis Brasil, Sena Madureira and Xapuri.
Although established as a free trade area, it is still not regulated. Currently, it depends on trade with the neighboring municipality of Cobija, contrary to what happened in decades past, when the reverse was the case.
Mir Molk (Persian: ميرملك, also Romanized as Mīr Molk) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 159, in 47 families.
The Victorian Football Club, "The Victorians", renamed the North Adelaide Football Club for the 1883 season, was an Australian rules football club based in North Adelaide, South Australia.
The Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI), also known as Arts & Humanities Search, is a citation index, with abstracting and indexing for more than 1,700 arts and humanities journals, and coverage of disciplines that includes social and natural science journals. Part of this database is derived from Current Contents records. Furthermore, the print counterpart is Current Contents.
Subjects covered are the Arts, Humanities, Language (including Linguistics), Poetry, Music, Classical works, History, Oriental Studies, Philosophy, Archaeology, Architecture, Religion, Television, Theater, and Radio.
Available citation (source) coverage includes articles, letters, editorials, meeting abstracts, errata, poems, short stories, plays, music scores, excerpts from books, chronologies, bibliographies and filmographies, as well as citations to reviews of books, films, music, and theatrical performances.
This database can be accessed online through Web of Science. It provides access to current and retrospective bibliographic information and cited references. It also covers individually selected, relevant items from approximately 1,200 titles, mostly arts and humanities journals but with an unspecified number of titles from other disciplines.
According to Thomson Reuters, the Arts & Humanities Search, can be accessed via Dialog, DataStar, and OCLC, with weekly updates and backfiles to 1980.Scholar Rainer Enrique Hamel has criticized the Arts & Humanities Citation Index for its poor reflection of scientific production in languages other than English. Also while analyzing solely content in Spanish of 2006 Hamel found the absurd situation that in the index there were more Spanish-language publications from authors based in the United States than from any other Spanish-language country.
The intergenerational struggle is the economic conflict between successive generations of workers because of the public pension system where the first generation has better pension benefit and the last must pay more taxes, have a greater tax wedge and a lower pension benefit due to the public debt that the states make in order to pay the current public spending.
Thomas Heberer (born September 24, 1965, in Schleswig, Germany) is a trumpeter, quarter-tone trumpeter, cornetist, keyboardist and composer, primarily focused on jazz, creative improvised music and contemporary chamber music. Based in New York City, he currently works as a leader and sideman in a variety of bands in Europe and the US.
The École Française de Hambourg Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a French international school in Hamburg, Germany, and is part of the Agency for French Education Abroad (AEFE) network.The school offers a nursery school (école maternelle) and primary school (école primaire), both in French. Graduates have priority for entering the French-speaking branch of the DFG/LFA Hamburg, a French-German secondary school.Until August 2020, the École Française was known as Lycée Français de Hambourg Antoine de Saint-Exupéry and also offered secondary education. At that point, the Lycée Français was split into the École Française and the DFG / LFA Hamburg.The school is private and both approved by the French Ministry of Education and the educational authorities of Hamburg (as an Ersatzschule). It is run financially by a nonprofit German registered association (e.V.), whose board of directors is elected for 2 years.
The term "Roses rivalry" can refer to sporting rivalries between teams from the English counties of Lancashire and Yorkshire. The name of the rivalry is derived from the historic Wars of the Roses which was fought between the House of Lancaster and the House of York. The term has been used to describe:
Leeds United and Manchester United rivalry, and also games between other traditional East Lancashire and West Yorkshire clubs - Bradford City vs Burnley, Halifax Town vs Rochdale and Huddersfield Town vs Oldham Athletic being well known examples.
Roses Match, the rivalry between Lancashire CCC and Yorkshire CCC in cricket.
Rugby League War of the Roses, was an annual rugby league series played between professional players of Yorkshire and Lancashire. Currently the Roses Derby exists in rugby league, similar to in football, between traditional East Lancashire clubs of Oldham and Rochdale, and West Yorkshire clubs of Huddersfield and Halifax.
Roses Tournament, an annual varsity tournament between the students of the University of York and Lancaster University.
Gisella Marengo (born 16 December 1975) is an Italian actress and producer. Marengo played the role of Nurse Nicu in the 2005 thriller Mary, and Matilde in the 2009 comedy Baarìa. In 2011 she played the role of Maliva – mother of Rose McGowan's character Marique in the fantasy film Conan the Barbarian. She co-produced The Legend of Hercules, and The Humbling. She is developing Giuseppe Tornatore's new movie with no title yet.
Jia Nan Yuan (or Yuan Jianan, born 11 July 1985)  is a Chinese-born table tennis player representing France.Born in China, she moved to France at the age of 18. In 2011, she acquired French citizenship. Since 2018, she represents France in international competitions.She is competing at the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games.
The Bainbridge Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in Georgia. The line runs from Bainbridge south to Attapulgus for a total of 13.3 miles. At its north end it continues south from the Georgia Southwestern Railroad and connects with CSX's Dothan Subdivision and at its south end it connects to the Florida Gulf & Atlantic Railroad's Bainbridge Subdivision, which continues south to Tallahassee, Florida.
The State Administrative Expenses (SAE), a program authorized under Section 7 of the Child Nutrition Act (P.L. 89-642, as amended), provides funding to help states meet the administrative costs of operating school lunch, breakfast, and child care food programs and related commodity donation programs authorized under the Child Nutrition Act and the National School Lunch Act (P.L. 79-396).
Broomhouse railway station was opened in 1883 at Broomhouse in the Baillieston area of Glasgow, Scotland on the old Glasgow, Bothwell, Hamilton and Coatbridge Railway between Shettleston and Hamilton. The miner's rows at Boghall were close to the station site.
Konstantin Nikolaevitch Tretiakoff (Russian: Константин Николаевич Третьяков; December 26, 1892 – 1958) was a Russian neuropathologist. He was born in Fergana, Uzbekistan, as a son of military physician, who was member of Pierre Bonvalot's first Pamir expedition. He studied medicine in L'Assistance Publique des Hopitaux de Paris. He received his doctorate in 1919. In his thesis he described degeneration of the substantia nigra associated with paralysis agitans (Parkinson disease). Tretiakof was first to link this anatomic structure with parkinsonism. Between 1922 and 1926 Tretiakoff worked at the Hospício de Juquery, near the city of São Paulo, Brazil. In 1931 he was appointed Chairman at the new Department of Neuropathology at the Medical Institute in Saratov, USSR, where he spent the rest of his life.
In 1910, Fritz Heinrich Lewy discovered what became known as Lewy bodies, and compared them to earlier findings by Gonzalo Rodríguez Lafora. In 1913, Lafora described another case, and acknowledged Lewy as the discoverer, naming them cuerpos intracelulares de Lewy (Lewy bodies). Trétiakoff found them in 1919 in the substantia nigra of PD brains, called them corps de Lewy and is credited with the eponym.  Eliasz Engelhardt argued in 2017 that Lafora should be credited with the eponym, because he named them six years before Trétiakoff.
Gustav Tafel (October 13, 1830 – November 12, 1908) was a German-born colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War, and the mayor of Cincinnati, Ohio, from 1897 to 1900.
WHOOP is an American wearable technology company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Its principal product is a fitness tracker that measures strain, recovery, and sleep. The device is best known for its use by athletes.The WHOOP band is popular among both consumers and professional athletes such as basketball player LeBron James and swimmer Michael Phelps.
Montgomery Area Transit System is the operator of mass transportation in metropolitan Montgomery, Alabama. The organization was founded in 1974, after years of tumultuous relations between private bus operators and passengers.
Rimba (Irimba) is the speech variety of the Babongo-Rimba pygmies of Gabon. Generally considered a dialect of Punu, it may preserve a core of non-Bantu vocabulary, and so to be conservative should be considered unclassified.
Peter David Connolly QC (29 September 1920- 3 May 2009) was an Australian politician and judge of the Supreme Court of Queensland.
Born in Sydney in 1920 Connolly moved to Brisbane as a child. Justice Connolly went to Marist Rosalie (Marist Brothers College Rosalie) until 1934, where he before winning a scholarship to St Joseph's College, Gregory Terrace, where he was both Dux and Head Boy in his final year in 1936. Connolly served in the 2nd Australian Imperial Force between 1940 and 1946. After studying law at the University of Queensland, he was admitted as a barrister in 1949.
Connolly was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland in the 1957 Queensland state election for the Liberal Party. He served as MLA for Kurilpa from 1957 to 1960, but lost re-endorsement to his former campaign manager Clive Hughes in 1960; as a result, Connolly returned to the Bar, and was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1963.Connolly was appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court of Queensland in 1978, serving until his retirement in 1990. He was known as a conservative 'black-letter lawyer' during his service in Parliament and on the bench. During his judicial service, he was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire.
Connolly died on 3 May 2009. As of 2011, he was the most recent judge of the Supreme Court of Queensland to have served in Parliament prior to his judicial service.
Giennadij Jerszow (Ukrainian: Геннадій Олексійович Єршов, romanized: Gennadi Yershov) is a Polish and Ukrainian sculptor, jewelry designer and art teacher, Master of Arts. He is a member of the National Union of Artists of Ukraine (NUAU), and the National Association of Polish Artists and Designers (ZPAP). The sculptor is known for the production of monumental works, easel compositions and portraits, represented in different countries.
Będzin Power Station (Polish: Elektrociepłownia Będzin) is a cogeneration plant in Będzin, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.The plant is operated by the Elektrociepłownia Będzin S.A. company. It is the major energy provider for the Zagłębie Dąbrowskie. Its construction begun in 1913, and it started operating in 1916. The company is a stock action company since 1993, and is listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange.
Electrical production in 2014 was 151,140 MW·h.Rated capacity of the two OP-140 utility boilers is 2 x 145 t/h = 290 t/h, equivalent to 112,6 MWt each, 225,2 MWt total.Rated heat capacity of the heating boilers (1 x WP-70 and 1 x WP-120) is 220.2 MWt. The total installed heat capacity is 445.4 MWt plus 83.5 MWt in cogeneration from the 13UCK 80 turboset. (UCK is a turbine classification acronym which stands for "kondensacyjne z upustami przemysłowymi i ciepłowniczymi", polish for "condensation with industrial and district heating")
Never Let Me Go is a 2010 British dystopian romantic tragedy film based on Kazuo Ishiguro's 2005 novel Never Let Me Go. The film was directed by Mark Romanek from a screenplay by Alex Garland. Never Let Me Go is set in an alternative history and centres on Kathy, Ruth and Tommy portrayed by Carey Mulligan, Keira Knightley and Andrew Garfield, respectively, who become entangled in a love triangle. Principal photography began in April 2009. Filming locations included Andrew Melville Hall and Forest School, Walthamstow. The film was produced by DNA Films and Film4 on a US$15 million budget.
Prior to the book's publication, Garland had approached Andrew Macdonald and Allon Reich about a possible film, and wrote a 96-page script. The producers initially had trouble finding an actress to play Kathy. Mulligan was cast in the role after Peter Rice, the head of the company financing the film, recommended her by text message while watching her performance in An Education. Mulligan, a fan of the book, enthusiastically accepted the role, as she had long desired to play the part. The film's message and themes were the factors that attracted Garfield to the film.
Never Let Me Go premiered at the 37th annual Telluride Film Festival in September 2010, where the audience responded positively to its message. The film was also screened at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival, and it opened the 54th London Film Festival. The film was distributed by Fox Searchlight Pictures to cinemas in the United States on 15 September 2010, where it was given a limited release. It opened on 14 January 2011 in the United Kingdom. In the United States, Never Let Me Go opened at four theatres, grossing over US$111,000 during its first weekend. The movie got off to a better start in its first weekend in the UK, earning £625,000 and taking ninth place at the box office.
Never Let Me Go earned US$9.5 million at the box office and an additional US$1.89 million in DVD sales revenue. Never Let Me Go was met with generally positive reviews from film critics, with most reviewers praising its portrayals.
Notre Dame-Siena College of Polomolok is a school in Polomolok, South Cotabato, Philippines. It started as Notre Dame of Polomolok (NDP) but changed its name to Notre Dame-Siena College of Polomolok from the opening of its college department in 2004. Notre Dame-Siena College of Polomolok has been a member of the Notre Dame Educational Association, a group of Notre Dame Schools in the Philippines under the patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary. The college offers a complete pre-school, grade school, and high school education and a selected college education programs as follows:
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) major in Business Management
Bachelor in Technical and Vocational Education (BTVE)ND-SCP is administered by the Dominican Sisters of St. Catherine of Siena.
Carl "Charlie" Woebcken, born in 1956, is a German film producer and President/CEO of Studio Babelsberg AG and Managing Director of the production service subsidiary Studio Babelsberg Motion Pictures as well as production company Babelsberg Film.
Hyman Russell Smart (1858 – 12 November 1923) was a British socialist activist.
Born in London, Smart attended Dulwich College before becoming an actor.  However, he soon changed careers and instead became a sanitation engineer.Smart became interested in socialism and joined the Social Democratic Federation (SDF) and Fabian Society, but he devoted most of his time to the Independent Labour Party (ILP).  At the 1895 general election, he stood as the ILP candidate for Huddersfield; he took 11.2% of the vote and was not elected.  Despite this, he became increasingly prominent in the ILP, serving on its National Administrative Council.In 1910, Smart was a signatory to Leonard Hall's Green Manifesto, which called on the ILP to distance itself from the Labour Party's "revisionist" positions.  He left the ILP in 1911, becoming a founding member of the British Socialist Party (BSP), which was largely created by the SDF, and he served on its first executive.  Disappointed at the BSP's rejection of syndicalism, he and Hall resigned in 1912.  He subsequently became less prominent, although he did join a new SDF, successor to the National Socialist Party, in 1923.  He died suddenly later that year, while playing chess.
Victoria was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada. It used a bloc voting system to elect candidates, and was created from Carleton in 1846.  It was abolished with the 1973 electoral redistribution, when the province moved to single-member ridings.
Founded in 1867 in Glasgow, Queen's Park F.C. had a pivotal role in the development and expansion of the game of association football in the 19th century. They won the first three Scottish Cup competitions in the 1870s, reached the final of the English FA Cup twice in the 1880s and introduced several innovations in playing tactics and stadium procedures. Their contribution to the Scotland national football team was fundamental: all 11 players who appeared for the home side in the 1872 Scotland v England football match were officially representatives of the club (although some are known to have had strong links to other teams). The Spiders provided the majority of the Scotland team for the next two decades, particularly in the most important annual fixture against England. Scotland played without Queen's Park representation for the first time in 1885, but this was an anomaly: the club needed their players for an FA Cup semi-final against Nottingham Forest, and their absence was not felt – the 'weaker' Scotland team defeated Ireland 8–2.
As football increased in popularity across Britain, talented Scottish players were regularly enticed to English clubs with unofficial financial inducements, which the Scottish Football Association and its members in general, and the Queen's Park club in particular, railed against, insisting that the sport was to be enjoyed by gentlemen for recreation on an amateur basis. This stance meant that when professionalism was legalised in England in the mid-1880s, Scottish teams withdraw from the FA Cup and the SFA ignored the 'mercenary' Scotch professors employed over the border, selecting only home-based players, a practice which continued even after the introduction of the Scottish Football League in 1890 (two years after England's Football League began); as standard-bearers of the amateur ethos, Queen's Park refused to join the league as they felt it would lead to professionalism among the larger clubs pursuing success which would lead to the demise of smaller provincial teams (also, it has been reported, weakening their own commercial appeal in playing occasional lucrative exhibition matches around the country). In this period the club had its only active international player from outwith Scotland: Humphrey Jones was already captain of the Wales team when he moved to Scotland in 1887 to work as a teacher, and gained his last two caps while registered as a Queen's Park player (he also turned out for East Stirlingshire and for other teams in England and Wales when circumstances allowed, with his amateur status meaning he was not not tied to any one club).
While the effects of wider professionalism in England were not immediate – Scotland continued to post strong results throughout the first decade of the British Home Championship which began in 1883–84 – gradually the economic and physical benefits of the more organised English system became clear, and with 'shamateurism' already rife in Scotland, professionalism was legalised in the SFL in 1893 and the better-supported clubs, including Queen's Park's city rivals Celtic and Rangers, could now compete with English clubs in recruiting and retaining the best talent. English-based players were admitted to the Scotland team in 1896 to arrest their larger rival's increasing dominance of the Home Championship, and Spiders representatives became increasingly rare.
By the end of the 19th century Queen's Park had been displaced as the country's leading club; the divide in quality with the bigger professional clubs was initially not so wide that they could not still compete to some extent, but they never challenged for the Scottish League championship after belatedly joining the competition in 1900. The 1901–02 season was the first in which no Queen's Park player was involved in any of the three international fixtures, and tellingly the first time that none played in the prestige England match. the Spiders were relegated from the top division in 1922, though quickly regained their place in the top division and held it until 1948, after which they were largely a lower-tier club. With an unremarkable status as a league member, they provided only 14 different players to the Scottish League XI (ranking 16th in this respect), and only 12 of the club's players with over 100 appearances also gained a Scotland cap while at the club, with the vast majority of internationals being from the earlier era when only a small number of official cup fixtures were played each season. Instead, as they battled to compete at a high level with limited resources, the club became the main provider to the Scotland national amateur football team which was active from the 1920s to the 1970s – several of those players also represented Great Britain in Olympic football. In the 1930s, Mustafa Mansour, an Egyptian international goalkeeper, played for Queen's Park after moving to Glasgow to study, but it appears he was not capped during his time at the club.
Of the club's 76 different internationals (still the fourth-highest ranking club in this regard, while 89 goals were scored – 3rd overall – and 252 total appearances made – 10th overall), only 18 of those men made their debut in the 20th century (eight after the end of the First World War), itself a notable achievement for an amateur to be selected in an environment dominated by professionals. The final cap gained by a Queen's Park player was for Bobby Brown in 1946, but this itself was an outlier – more regular representation had ended when Bob Gillespie and James Crawford both won their last cap in a win over England in 1933. The final goal was scored by Alan Morton in 1920.Despite their diminished status in the game as a result of the commitment to amateurism (a status which was ended in 2019 following a vote by club members), the club has continued to act as a stepping stone to several players who reached international status later in their career, including Sammy Cox, George Herd, Ronnie Simpson, John Little, Bobby Clark (footballer, born 1945), David Holt (footballer, born 1936), Alex Ferguson and Jamie Paton (for Australia) in the late 20th century, and Malky Mackay, Paul Paton (for Northern Ireland), Barry Douglas, Lawrence Shankland, Andy Robertson and Paul McGinn in the early 21st century – the last three played together at Hampden in the fourth tier during the 2012–13 season, with Robertson going on to become the national team captain, as well as gaining the most caps of any former Spiders player (55 as of the end of 2021) and the first club graduate to win the English league championship. Modern-era internationals who played for Queen's Park at youth level include Derek Parlane, Simon Donnelly, Aiden McGeady (93 caps for Ireland) and Steven Saunders.
In Women's football which became more organised in the 1990s, Queen's Park F.C. (women) has never been among the major Scottish clubs although they were a SWPL member. Detailed records are not widely available before the 2010s, although Megan Sneddon, Amy McDonald and Jen Beattie are known to have played for the club and the national team shortly prior to the section was disbanded in 2008, relaunching two years later at a lower level. Since then, Ho Wan Tung has featured for Hong Kong.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, often informally known as the LDS Church or Mormon Church, is a nontrinitarian, Christian restorationist church that considers itself to be the restoration of the original church founded by Jesus Christ. The church is headquartered in the United States in Salt Lake City, Utah, and has established congregations and built temples worldwide. According to the church, it has over 16.6 million members and 51,000 full-time volunteer missionaries. The church is the fourth-largest Christian denomination in the United States, with over 6.7 million members as of 2021 (self reported). It is the largest denomination in the Latter Day Saint movement founded by Joseph Smith during the early 19th-century period of religious revival known as the Second Great Awakening.
Church theology includes the Christian doctrine of salvation only through Jesus Christ, and the substitutionary atonement of Jesus Christ. The church has an open canon which includes four scriptural texts: the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great Price. Other than the Bible, the majority of the church's canon consists of material believed to have been revealed by God to Joseph Smith; these include commentary and exegesis about the Bible, texts described as lost parts of the Bible, and other works believed to be written by ancient prophets, including the Book of Mormon. Because of doctrinal differences, Catholic, Orthodox, and many Protestant churches consider the church to be distinct and separate from mainstream Christianity.Latter-day Saints believe that the church president is a modern-day "prophet, seer, and revelator" and that Jesus Christ, under the direction of God the Father, leads the church by revealing his will and delegating his priesthood keys to its president. The president heads a hierarchical structure with various levels reaching down from areas, stakes, to wards. Bishops, drawn from the laity, lead the wards. Male members may be ordained to the priesthood, provided they are living the standards of the church. Women are not ordained to the priesthood, but occupy leadership roles in some church organizations.Both men and women may serve as missionaries; the church maintains a large missionary program that proselytizes and conducts humanitarian services worldwide. Faithful members adhere to church laws of sexual purity, health, fasting, and Sabbath observance, and contribute ten percent of their income to the church in tithing. The church also teaches about sacred ordinances through which adherents make covenants with God, including baptism, confirmation, the sacrament, priesthood ordination, endowment, and celestial marriage.
All for a Song is a 1982 album by Barbara Dickson. The album was made up of mostly new recordings, but included four of her past hits.
Bassia is a monotypic siphonophore genus in the family Abylidae. The genus only contains the bioluminescent species Bassia bassensis.
Saeed Al-Adhreai (born 1 March 1983) is a Yemeni who is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Yemen, he competed in the 400 metres at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2005 World Championships in Athletics.
Qeshlaq-e Kohol (Persian: قشلاق كهل, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Kohol; also known as Kohol) is a village in Vargahan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 11 families.
The 2017–18 Providence Friars women's basketball team represents Providence College in the 2017–18 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Friars, led by second year head coach Jim Crowley, play their home games at Alumni Hall and are members of the Big East Conference. They finished the season 10–21, 3–15 in Big East play to finish in a tie for last place. They lost in the first round of the Big East Women's Tournament to Butler.
The Cervantes Group is an international information technology consulting and talent acquisition firm with offices in San Juan, Querétaro, Mexico, Madrid, Spain, Boston and Chicago. Specializations include software development, project management, business analysis, mobile application development and program management.
FuboTV Inc. (stylized as fuboTV) is an American streaming television service serving customers in the United States, Canada, and Spain that focuses primarily on channels that distribute live sports. Depending on country, channels offered by Fubo may include access to EPL, NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, MLS, CPL and international soccer, plus news, network television series and movies.Launched on January 1, 2015 as a soccer streaming service, FuboTV changed to an all-sports service in 2017 and then to a virtual multichannel video programming distributor (vMVPD) model. As a vMVPD, FuboTV still calls itself sports-first but its expanded channel lineup targets cord cutters, offering a selection of major cable channels and OTT-originated features that can be streamed through smart TVs, mobile and tablets and the web. The service is available in the United States, Canada and Spain as of 2018.In the U.S., there are several service options with different channel lineups, including the base package, with 100+ channels, and add-on packages like Extra, Sports Plus, Latino Plus and Português Plus.The company said it closed the third quarter of 2021 with nearly 945,000 paid subscribers and that, since closing the quarter, had actually hit one million subscribers. On January 10, 2022, the company released preliminary fourth quarter and full year 2021 results. Fubo said it expected to exceed previously announced revenue and subscriber targets including delivering over 1.1 million paid subscribers in 2021.FuboTV was added to the Russell 2000 Index at the conclusion of the 2021 Russell indexes annual reconstitution in June 2021.
The Lupercal  (from Latin lupa "female wolf") was a cave at the southwest foot of the Palatine Hill in Rome, located somewhere between the temple of Magna Mater and the Sant'Anastasia al Palatino. In the legend of the founding of Rome, Romulus and Remus were found there by the she-wolf who suckled them until they were rescued by the shepherd Faustulus. Luperci, the priests of Faunus, celebrated certain ceremonies of the Lupercalia at the cave, from the earliest days of the City until at least 494 AD.
"I've Got My Baby on My Mind" is a single by American country music artist Connie Smith. Released in November 1974, the song reached #13 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. The song was issued onto Smith's 1975 studio album called I Got a Lot of Hurtin' Done Today/I've Got My Baby On My Mind. "I've Got My Baby on My Mind" was Smith third top twenty hit single issued under Columbia Records. Also, the song peaked at #31 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart around the same time.
Tengiz Tsikaridze (Georgian: თენგიზ წიქარიძე; born 21 December 1995) is a Georgian football player for Zhetysu.
Sabyasachi Mukharji (1 June 1927 – 25 September 1990) was an Indian jurist, who was the twentieth Chief Justice of India. He also previously served as the acting Chief Justice of the Calcutta High Court.
Kamar Kayode Oshioke (born May 30, 1988 in Ibadan, Nigeria) is a Nigerian footballer.
Trio Mandili (მანდილი, "woman's headscarf") is a Georgian musical group which currently consists of Tatuli Mgeladze (თათული მგელაძე), Tako Tsiklauri (თაკო წიკლაური), and Mariam Kurasbediani (მარიამ ქურასბედიანი).
They perform polyphonic singing accompanied by a panduri, a traditional Georgian string instrument. They became popular in Georgia when they uploaded a music video in which they perform a Georgian folk song, "Apareka". This video, posted online, gathered over five million views.Trio Mandili have sung songs in other languages, such as the Hindi song "Goron Ki Na Kalon Ki Duniya Hai Dilwalon Ki" (English translation: Not to fair-skinned people or dark-skinned people, the world belongs to those with good hearts) that was performed on Republic Day, as well as the Polish song "Lipka" (English translation: Little linden).
Louis Pons (born 1927) is a French collage artist. He specializes in reliefs and assemblages made entirely from discarded objects and junk. In Agnès Varda's documentary The Gleaners and I, Pons explains his artistic process and understanding of art; what others see as "a cluster of junk," he sees as "a cluster of possibilities;" and that the function of art is to tidy up one's inner and exterior worlds.
Alan Horsfall (1926–2007), English rugby league footballer, played for Leeds and Castleford
Albert Horsfall (born 1941),  Nigerian security chief and prominent nationalist
George Horsfall (1924–1992), Australian-born footballer, played for Southampton and Southend United
Thomas Coglan Horsfall (1841–1932), British philanthropist and founder of the Manchester Art Museum
Tommy Horsfall (born 1951), Scottish footballer, played for Southend United and Cambridge United
William H. Horsfall (1847–1922), American Medal of Honor recipient during the American Civil War
Yendi is a town and the capital of Yendi Municipal district in the  Northern Region of Ghana. As of 2012 the population of Yendi was 52,008 people. It is the seat of the paramount chief of the Dagombas.
Marc Séguin (born March 20, 1970) is a French Canadian painter and novelist whose work is held in several important collections.
The Battle of Khachara was a confrontation between Chechens led by Aldaman-Gheza and the Avar Khanate led by Mohammad Khan. The battle took place in the Khachara gorge in Chechnya during the 17th century.
Richard William Paul Pabich (August 23, 1955 – January 1, 2000) was an American gay rights activist best known for his role as a campaign manager and friend to Harvey Milk.
Rivas is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Liên Thủy is a commune (xã) in Lệ Thủy District, Quảng Bình Province, North Central Coast region of Vietnam. This commune is located on the right bank of Kiến Giang River. The commune contains villages: Uan Ao, Quy Hau. The eastern limit of this commune is National Route 1A, northern border is Kiên Giang township, the district capital.
Rap guanine nucleotide exchange factor 3 also known as exchange factor directly activated by cAMP 1 (EPAC1) or cAMP-regulated guanine nucleotide exchange factor I (cAMP-GEFI) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the RAPGEF3 gene.As the name suggests, EPAC proteins (EPAC1 and EPAC2) are a family of intracellular sensors for cAMP, and function as nucleotide exchange factors for the Rap subfamily of RAS-like small GTPases.
"I am the LORD thy God" (KJV, also "I am the Lord your God" NJB, WEB, Hebrew: אָֽנֹכִ֖י֙ יְהוָ֣ה אֱלֹהֶ֑֔יךָ‎ ’Ānōḵî Adonai ’ĕlōheḵā) is the opening phrase of the Ten Commandments, which are widely understood as moral imperatives by ancient legal historians and Jewish and Christian biblical scholars.The text of the Ten Commandments according to the  Book of Exodus begins:
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. You shall have no other gods before me. You shall not make for yourselves an idol, nor any image of anything that is in the heavens above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: you shall not bow yourself down to them, nor serve them, for I, Yahweh your God, am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children, on the third and on the fourth generation of those who hate me, and showing loving kindness to thousands of those who love me and keep my commandments.
The conventional "the LORD" in English translations renders יהוה‎ in the Hebrew text (transliterated "YHWH"), the proper name of the God of Israel, reconstructed as Yahweh. The translation "God" renders אֱלֹהִים (transliterated "Elohim"), the normal biblical Hebrew word for "god, deity".The introduction to the Ten Commandments establishes the identity of God by both his personal name and his historical act of delivering Israel from Egypt.  The language and pattern reflects that of ancient royal treaties in which a great king identified himself and his previous gracious acts toward a subject king or people.Establishing his identity through the use of the proper name, Yahweh, and his mighty acts in history distinguishes Yahweh from the gods of Egypt which were judged in the killing of Egypt's firstborn (Exodus 12) and from the gods of Canaan, the gods of the gentile nations, and the gods that are worshipped as idols, starry hosts, or things found in nature, and the gods known by other proper names.  So distinguished, Yahweh demands exclusive allegiance from the Israelites.  “I am the LORD your God” occurs a number of other times in the Bible also.
The National Adult League (NAL) was an American  amateur soccer league.
The league was officially affiliated with the US Club Soccer (US Club Soccer).
Karat Rural District (Persian: دهستان كرات) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14,411, in 2,977 families.  The rural district has 10 villages.
The national rugby union team of the former East Germany played its first rugby international in 1951 against Romania.  It never played in a Rugby World Cup, not being invited to the inaugural 1987 edition, the only one held while East Germany was in existence. The team played its last match in 1990, before merging with the West German rugby union team to form a single team representing all of Germany. In its 40-year history, the East German team never played its West German counterpart in a rugby test match.
This is a list of games played by the East German team against other nations.
Belantek is a state constituency in Kedah, Malaysia, that is represented in the Kedah State Legislative Assembly.
Nowy Cis [ˈnɔvɨ ˈt͡ɕis] (German: Neu Ciß) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zblewo, 19 km (12 mi) west of Starogard Gdański, and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
This is a list of topics in molecular biology. See also index of biochemistry articles.
Earnie Dee Shaver (born August 31, 1944), best known as Earnie Shavers, is an American former professional boxer who competed between 1969 and 1995. A two-time world heavyweight championship challenger, Shavers is known for being one of the hardest punchers in boxing history. He scored 68 knockout wins, including 23 in the first round. He holds a 76.4% overall knockout ratio.
Shavers challenged unsuccessfully twice for the heavyweight championship, losing to Muhammad Ali in 1977 and to Larry Holmes in 1979. He hurt Ali in the second round and scored a seventh-round knockdown against Holmes. Shavers defeated former world champions Vicente Rondón, Jimmy Ellis, and Ken Norton, as well as three-time European heavyweight champion Joe Bugner and top heavyweight contender  Jimmy Young.
In 2001, Shavers released an autobiography called Welcome to the Big Time. Since retiring from boxing he has attended boxing events as a special guest, autograph signer, and motivational speaker.
The Gamilaraay or Kamilaroi language is a Pama–Nyungan language of the Wiradhuric subgroup found mostly in south-eastern Australia. It is the traditional language of the Gamilaraay (Kamilaroi), an Aboriginal Australian people. It has been noted as endangered, but the number of speakers grew from 87 in the 2011 Australian Census to 105 in the 2016 Australian Census. Thousands of Australians identify as Gamilaraay, and the language is taught in some schools.
Wirray Wirray, Guyinbaraay, Yuwaalayaay, Waalaraay and Gawambaraay are dialects; Yuwaalaraay/Euahlayi is a closely related language.
"Starry Night" is the eighteenth episode of the first season of Modern Family and the eighteenth episode of the series overall. It originally aired on ABC on March 24, 2010. The episode was written by Danny Zuker and directed by Jason Winer.
In the episode, Claire and Phil take rival approaches to keeping Haley and Luke focused on projects that are due the next day. Manny's ribbing of Mitchell during a trip with Jay causes tension between the three. Cameron tries to make amends with Gloria for past awkward encounters with a night out in her old neighborhood.
The episode received positive reviews and was viewed by 9.05 million viewers with an 18-49 Nielsen Rating of 3.6.
Heterachthes unituberosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Martins and Galileo in 1999.
Oksana Grishina (Russian: Окса́на Гри́шина; born 25 March 1978) is a Russian former gymnast and professional fitness competitor. She retired from competitive fitness in 2017, after earning her fourth consecutive Ms. Fitness Olympia title and winning ten consecutive Arnold Classic competitions. Grishina currently runs a pole fitness competition league, Oksana Grishina's O.G. Pole Fitness, which holds a professional pole sport championship at the Mr. Olympia in Las Vegas, and a pro-am pole fitness competition at the Legion Sports Fest in Long Beach, California.Grishina was born in Kaliningrad and grew up both in Latvia and Russia. She earned a degree in 2000 from the University of Kalingrad as a specialist in Physical Training and Sports.
Grishina won both European and World overall championships titles, while competing as amateur. She earned her IFBB Pro Card in 2007. Grishina is the second ever Russian athlete to earn an IFBB Fitness Pro card She currently lives in California, USA.
Clinton was a proposed Rochester Industrial and Rapid Transit Railway station located in Rochester, New York. The station would have been located between Court Street and Meigs-Goodman stations, near the South Avenue Loop and the connection to the Lehigh Valley Railroad Station, close to the downtown central business district.
Plans for a wood and steel station were drawn up during the early 1940s and approved by City Council in June 1943, but turned down by the War Production Board. A revised design for a concrete structure costing $101,000 was then approved, but wartime shortages prevented its construction.
The culture of the Maldives is derived from a number of sources, the most important of which is its proximity to the shores of Sri Lanka and South India. The population is mainly Indo-Aryan from the anthropological point of view.
Groseclose Track at Brown Stadium is a stadium in Monroe, Louisiana, United States, on the campus of the University of Louisiana at Monroe. The track surrounding the field is named Groseclose Track. It is the home facility for the Louisiana-Monroe Warhawks' soccer and track and field teams. The capacity of the stadium is 3,000.
Brown Stadium was the home field of the Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks football team from 1951 to 1977. The facility was renovated in 2018 as part of a $5 million project that included new offices for soccer and track coaches, locker rooms and storage areas. Press box renovations and resurfacing of the parking lot were also included. The Louisiana-Monroe Warhawks women's soccer team hosted its first match at the renovated facility in a preseason exhibition against Stephen F. Austin on August 16, 2019.
The 1987 German Formula Three Championship (German: 1987 Deutsche Formel-3-Meisterschaft) was a multi-event motor racing championship for single-seat open wheel formula racing cars held across Europe. The championship featured drivers competing in two-litre Formula Three racing cars which conformed to the technical regulations, or formula, for the championship. It commenced on 26 April at Nürburgring and ended at Zolder on 27 September after nine rounds.
Team Sonax Autopflege (Schübel Rennsport) driver Bernd Schneider dominated the championship. He won seven from eight races that he competed and clinched the title. Joachim Winkelhock lost 42 points to Schneider and finished as runner-up with win in the season finale at Zolder. Hanspeter Kaufmann won at AVUS. Víctor Rosso, Harald Huysman, Frank Biela, David Coyne, Tomi Luhtanen and Eric van de Poele were the other podium finishers.
Ryszard Ronczewski (27 June 1930 – 17 October 2020) was a Polish actor.He appeared in more than seventy films from 1954 onwards.
Ronczewski died from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Poland on 17 October 2020. He was 90.
Davoren Park is a suburb at the northern extent of the Adelaide metropolitan area, South Australia in the City of Playford. The suburb was formed as part of a merger between Elizabeth Field and  the northern part of Elizabeth West on 11 November 1993. It is named after the Davoren family, who were early pioneers of the area.The Playford North Urban Renewal project to expand and upgrade the area commenced in 2007 and is expected to take 10–15 years. The project focuses on the Peachey Belt (an unofficial designation roughly comprising Davoren Park, Smithfield and Smithfield Plains), which has been identified as a disadvantaged area.
Thomas L. Riis or Thomas Laurence Riis (born October 6, 1950) is an American musicologist and professor. His current position is the Joseph Negler Professor of Musicology and Director of the American Music Research Center at the College of Music, at the University of Colorado Boulder.He received his bachelor's degree at Oberlin College and his master's degree and his doctorate from the University of Michigan. He has been on the faculty of the University of Colorado Boulder since 1992. He retired from teaching in 2018. In addition to his academic activities, Riis is active as a conductor, choral singer, viola player, and cellist.His book Just Before Jazz, devoted to African-American Broadway shows, received an ASCAP-Deems Taylor Award in 1995.
Giovanni Angelo Becciu (born 2 June 1948) is an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. Pope Francis made him a cardinal on 28 June, 2018. On 24 September 2020, he resigned the rights associated with the cardinalate. 
An archbishop since 2001, he held several appointments in the diplomatic service of the Holy See between 1984 and 2011, including those of Apostolic Nuncio to Angola and to Cuba. From 2011 to 2018 he was Substitute for General Affairs in the Secretariat of State, a key position in the Roman Curia. He was head of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints from 2018 to 2020, when he resigned from that office and from the rights and privileges of a cardinal, including the right to participate in a papal conclave, after being implicated in a financial corruption scandal; he retains the title of cardinal.In July 2021, a Vatican judge ordered Becciu and nine others to stand trial on charges of embezzlement, abuse of office and subornation. The charges are in connection with an investment in London real estate. Becciu said he was innocent and "the victim of a conspiracy". Becciu's trial will be the first criminal trial of a cardinal in a Vatican court.
A Barani (barani) flip is an aerial maneuver consisting of a front flip and a 180 degree turn (half twist). This trick is performed in number of sports including but not limited to dancing, gymnastics, cheerleading, trampoline, cliff diving, wrestling, aggressive inline skating, and freerunning. A barani is an aerial somersault flip, used as a trick for flyers, dancers, high divers and snowboarders. It is used as an official move in gymnastics, tumbling, and freerunning. The 180 degree turn is carried out usually halfway through the frontflip. The reason why it is used in so many sports is that it converts a regular frontflip (during which one can not see the ground or water for the landing) into a move in which one turns in time so that the last half of the flip is done in the same way as a backflip (during which one can see the ground or water). It therefore allows for greater control of the landing.
In gymnastics, some coaches describe a Barani as a roundoff without hands or, mostly on beam, a front somersault with a half twist.
It is named after Italian circus acrobat and tumbler Alfonso Baroni, who performed the trick around 1881.
The Four Blazes were an American R&B vocal and instrumental group formed in Chicago and popular in the 1940s and 1950s.  They were also occasionally billed as The Five Blazes and (probably just on record labels) as the "Blasers" or the "Flames."
Yutaka Okamoto (born 2 March 1925) was a Japanese sailor. He competed in the Dragon event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Thorn EMI Computer Software was a British video games software house set up in the early 1980s as part of the now-defunct British conglomerate Thorn EMI. They released a number of games in the early 1980s, initially for the Atari 8-bit family, and later for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64 and Commodore VIC-20 computers. In 1984, the Thorn EMI name was dropped in favour of Creative Sparks as the company were reportedly unhappy with their image in the video games market. A budget label, Sparklers, was created in early 1985 to publish titles at £2.50. Later in 1985, Creative Sparks, Sparklers and the distribution company, Creative Sparks Distribution (CSD) gained independence from Thorn EMI after a management buyout.In July 1987, six months after buying software company Mikro-Gen for a "substantial" sum,
Creative Sparks went into receivership with debts estimated at up to £1.5million.The back catalogue of the company was acquired by Tynesoft, Alternative Software and Maynard International (Top Ten Software).
The former management at CSD went on to form Software Publishing Associates, owners of the Crysys and Pirate Software labels.
Jayaram "Jay" Khadka (Nepali: जयराम खड्का) (born October 5, 1972) is a cross-country skier who is the first Winter Olympic Athlete from Nepal. He participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics. In the Men's 1.5 km Qualification his time was 4:48.4 making him 70th place.Khadka was born in Nepal, of the Chhetri caste. His father, a former policeman, had provided help to Richard Morley a British entrepreneur who fell ill while traveling in that country in 1984, traveling a distance that normally takes six days in three. After recovering, Morley asked the older Khadka how he could thank him; here Morley learned the other man was seriously ill, who asked Morley to take care of his son Jayaram should anything happen to him. They exchanged photos, and Morely returned to the United Kingdom.Morley was unable to return to Nepal until five or six years later, at which time he learned the ex-policeman had died and Jayaram had moved to Bhaktapur. While dining at a restaurant in that city he was approached by a boy sweeping the establishment's floor, who asked Morley, "Are you the man who has come to rescue me?" After a second meeting, Morley decided to offer Jayaram to come live with him at his castle in the Forest of Dean. He accepted, and accompanied Morley to England December 1990.In Britain, Jayaram experienced culture shock. As he explains, "Landing at Gatwick was like being picked up and put on Mars -- a hi-tech, completely different planet. There were things like escalators, automatic doors, strange food -- ham, red wine. I tried it and was almost sick, like drinking paraffin."Morley had originally planned to host Jayaram for six months, but immediately changed this to three years, and eventually fought the Home Office to obtain residential status for the boy. As an experienced skier, Morley recognized his foster son was very athletic. Taking him to the French Alps, he encouraged him to take up skiing and began coaching him. At the same time Morley had founded the Nepalese Ski Association and started planning Jay’s bid to qualify for the Olympic Winter Games. When injuries prevented him from competing in Alpine skiing events, he decided to compete in cross-country in the 2002 Winter Olympics. Jayaram Khadka carried his country's flag in their first appearance at the Winter Olympics, and afterwards finished 79th in the 10 kilometer pursuit and 69th in the sprint.
The Jeunesses Patriotes ("Young Patriots", JP) were a far-right league of France, recruited mostly from university students and financed by industrialists founded in 1924 by Pierre Taittinger. Taittinger took inspiration for the group's creation in the Boulangist Ligue des Patriotes and Benito Mussolini's Blackshirts.
According to the police, the Jeunesses Patriotes had 90,000 members in the country and 6,000 in Paris in 1932. Its street fighters were led by a retired general named Desofy, and were organized around Groupes Mobiles, paramilitary mobile squads of fifty men, outfitted in blue raincoats and berets. The group stated its willingness to combat the "Red Peril" and the Cartel des Gauches (Left-wing Coalition), and chose to back Raymond Poincaré who came to power after the Cartel des gauches.
The organization retreated in 1926, but made a comeback in 1932, with the Cartel des Gauches 's electoral victory, and took part in the February 6, 1934 riots, an anti-parliamentary street demonstration in Paris in the context of the Stavisky Affair. In 1936, the Popular Front government outlawed the Jeunesses Patriotes and other nationalist groups.
Marie Nizet (19 January 1859 – 15 March 1922), married name Marie Mercier, was a Belgian writer.
Montgomery Tully (6 May 1904 – 10 October 1988) was an Irish film director and writer.
Carson Cole Allen is an American singer-songwriter known for his roles in former bands: lead vocalist for On the Last Day and Me vs. Myself, tracemyveins keyboardist and founding member of Escape the Fate, as well as his current project Something Witchy, and his solo music.
Irish pop vocal group Westlife have released twelve studio albums, sixteen video albums, one live album, three karaoke albums, thirty-eight singles, twenty-one promotional singles, nine compilation albums and fifty-four music videos. Formed on 3 July 1998, the group was made up of singers Nicky Byrne, Kian Egan, Mark Feehily, Shane Filan, and Brian McFadden (who quit the band on 9 March 2004). The band was signed under Simon Cowell, Clive Davis, and Jordan Jay and under record labels' BMG, S Records, Arista Records, Sony BMG, Syco Music, Sony Music Entertainment and RCA Records from 1998 to 2012 and currently on Universal Music Group and Virgin EMI Records from 2018. The last four members remained active until their last live concert performance in the Europe's third largest stadium Croke Park on 23 June 2012 and have reunited on 3 October 2018 for new music and tour. Based on the British Phonographic Industry certifications, the group have sold more than 24 million records and videos in the United Kingdom alone across their 20-year career–10.4 million singles, 13.1 million albums and 1.3 million videos. Their biggest selling album is their first Greatest Hits compilation, followed by Coast to Coast, with seven of their albums selling one million copies or more. Their biggest selling video is "Where Dreams Come True", which has sold 240,000 copies to date.In 2012, the Official Charts Company listed Westlife 34th amongst the biggest-selling singles artists in British music history. They are currently the sixteenth overall biggest group of all time. As of April 2018, the group has sold more than 55 million records worldwide.They accumulated a total of 26 top ten hits including 16 number one singles as lead artist and as featured artist, 8 number one albums and 13 top 5 albums in the United Kingdom alone. 19 out of 29 singles as lead artist and as featured artist they have released in the United Kingdom have certifications from 1999 to 2019. They are also currently ranked twenty-fourth with most number ones albums of all time. They have had 36 number-one albums worldwide. This earned them the following Guinness World Records: first to achieve seven consecutive number-one singles in the UK, most singles to debut at number one on the UK chart and top selling album group in the United Kingdom in the 21st century. Despite their success, Westlife never managed to break into the United States, achieving only one hit single in 2000, their debut single "Swear It Again", which peaked at number 20 on Billboard Hot 100 and was certified Gold. 
However, "Swear It Again" was the band's first number-one single in the United Kingdom and Ireland followed by seventeen more number-ones from their succeeding singles "If I Let You Go", "Flying Without Wings", "I Have A Dream/Seasons in the Sun", "Fool Again", "Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)", "My Love", "Uptown Girl", "Queen of My Heart"/"When You're Looking Like That", "World of Our Own", "Unbreakable", "Tonight"/"Miss You Nights", "Mandy", "Everybody Hurts", "You Raise Me Up", "The Rose", "Hello My Love", and "Dynamite" from 1999 to 2019. 
The group's debut international self-titled studio album, Westlife (1999) was number-one in several countries which was followed by succeeding studio albums Coast to Coast (2000), World of Our Own (2001), Unbreakable - The Greatest Hits Vol. 1 (2002) and Turnaround (2003), which continued the group's success worldwide. The four remaining member continued as a group to release their cover albums Allow Us to Be Frank (2004) and The Love Album (2006) and the studio albums Face to Face (2005) and Back Home (2007). After a one-year hiatus in 2008, they regrouped and released studio albums Where We Are (2009) , and Gravity (2010) and compilation album Greatest Hits (2011). After eight years, the group reformed and released Spectrum (2019), followed by Wild Dreams (2021).
Anthurium macrolonchium is a species of plant in the family Araceae. It is endemic to Ecuador.  Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Oran Park is a suburb of south-west Sydney, within the Macarthur Region, in the state of New South Wales, Australia in Camden Council.
The 2nd Kansas Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Philippine Amann (10 March 1905 – 2 or 3 August 1990), known professionally as Betty Amann, was a German-American film actress. Born to American parents in Germany, she began her acting career in the United States with the film The Kick-Off (1926). She is perhaps best known for her role in Asphalt (1929).
Ingeniero Aeronáutico Ambrosio L.V. Taravella International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional de Cordoba "Ingeniero Aeronáutico Ambrosio L.V. Taravella") (IATA: COR, ICAO: SACO), more commonly known as Pajas Blancas, is located 9 kilometres (5 nautical miles) north-northwest of the center of Córdoba, the capital city of the Córdoba Province. The airport covers an area of 1,020 ha (2,520 acres) and is operated by Aeropuertos Argentina 2000 S.A.
"Fear of the Dark" is a song by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. Written by Steve Harris, the band's bass player and primary songwriter, it serves as the title track to Iron Maiden's 1992 album Fear of the Dark.
The song has been covered by several different artists. In 2011, it was covered by Fightstar for Kerrang! magazine's Maiden Heaven tribute album.The Flight 666 version of the song was released as downloadable content for the Rock Band video game series on 9 June 2009.
Dragan Đurđević (born 18 April 1981) is a Serbian football manager who is last known to have managed Jonava.
Dipu Ghosh is a former badminton player from India who shined in the 1960s. His brother Raman Ghosh, his long time partner in doubles was also a prominent badminton talent in the country. Ghosh is a former national champion for seven times, in all the three possible categories. Notably in singles, he reached the finals six times but won only once in 1969. Most of the time he finished second to the best singles players of the country that time like Nandu Natekar, Suresh Goel and Dinesh Khanna. In doubles the Ghosh brothers reached every final between 1963 and 1970 by winning the title 5 times during this period.
In the 1970 Thomas Cup tie, India was beaten 2–7 by Indonesia. One of the victories was recorded by the Ghosh brothers, who defeated the pair of Indratno and Mintarja. Ghosh also played in the 1973 Thomas Cup where India lost to Canada 4–5. Other big victories for the Ghosh brothers were against All-England runners-up from Denmark Svend Pri and Per Walsøe when they came to India in 1969; one against Punch Gunalan and Ng Boon Bee, the Malaysian pairing in their home ground; and one against another team from Malaysia, Tan Yee Khan and Boon Bee, winners of the All-England in 1966.
At 927 m above sea level (NN),  the Bruchberg in the Upper Harz is the second highest mountain in Lower Saxony and the third highest in the Harz mountains in North Germany.  It lies between Altenau and Torfhaus in the middle of the Harz National Park. The Bruchberg is more like a plateau and has no real summit. This plateau is partly covered with trees, but on the sunny southern slopes the trees have largely died as a result of bark beetle infestation (see photograph below). Following this insect destruction, a new natural forest, rich in its variety of species, is now growing in the heart of the Harz National Park.
Amberley "Ambo" Lobo (born 30 October 1990) is an Australian television presenter best known for her role as a host on Australian children's television program Studio 3, which was on ABC 3.
The Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge, commonly referred to as the Q Bridge by locals, is an extradosed bridge that carries Interstate 95 (Connecticut Turnpike) over the mouth of the Quinnipiac River in New Haven, in the U.S. state of Connecticut. This bridge replaced the original 1,300 m (0.8 mi) span which opened on January 2, 1958.  The old bridge had a girder and floorbeam design where steel beams supported a concrete bridge deck that carried three lanes of traffic in each direction with no inside or outside shoulders. The bridge was officially dedicated as the Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge in 1995 to commemorate the attack on Pearl Harbor.The old Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge was replaced by a $554 million 10-lane extradosed bridge; the northbound span of which opened to traffic on June 22, 2012. Southbound traffic was shifted onto the new bridge, sharing the northbound span with northbound traffic until the new southbound span was completed in late 2015. Since the Gibbs Street Bridge in Portland, Oregon was redesigned from an extradosed span to a box girder bridge, the Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge was the first extradosed bridge completed in the United States when it fully opened in September 2015. The new bridge is the centerpiece of a $2 billion megaproject called the New Haven Harbor Crossing Improvement Program.
Charla Doherty (August 6, 1946 – May 29, 1988) was an American film and television actress who appeared on the first season of the long-running soap opera Days of Our Lives.
Nectomys palmipes, also known as the Trinidad nectomys or Trinidad water rat, is a species of semiaquatic rodent in genus Nectomys of family Cricetidae. It is found on the island of Trinidad and on the nearby mainland of Venezuela.
Robert Matheson (1808–1877) was a Scottish architect operating for some time as Clerk of Works for Scotland and playing a major design role in many buildings, especially within Edinburgh. He was a great master of the Italian Renaissance style.
Göloba is a village in the District of Bayburt, Bayburt Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 69  people.
The 2012 BYU Cougars football team represented Brigham Young University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Cougars, led by head coach Bronco Mendenhall, played their home games at LaVell Edwards Stadium. This was the second year BYU competed as an independent. They finished the season 8–5. They were invited to the Poinsettia Bowl where they defeated San Diego State.
Mary, Queen of Scots, has inspired artistic and cultural works for more than four centuries. The following lists cover various media, enduring works of high art, and recent representations in popular culture. The entries represent portrayals that a reader has a reasonable chance of encountering rather than a complete catalogue.
Shipwreck Radio is a series of albums by Nurse With Wound documenting their residency in Lofoten, Norway during June and July 2004. Invited to stay in the unofficial capital, fishing village Svolvær, Steven Stapleton and Colin Potter were commissioned to produce 3 radio broadcasts per week for local station Lofotradioen of music constructed from whatever they heard or could find around the island. The project was instigated by Anne Hilde Neset and Rob Young of The Wire and by Kunst I Nordland, an organisation committed to bringing contemporary art to county of Nordland[1].
The duo created 24 broadcasts in total, each of either 15 or 30 minutes duration. Each broadcast was preceded by a jingle of a male voice saying "Velkommen Til Utvær" followed by a female voice saying the English translation "Welcome To Utvær", Utvær being the most remote island in Lofoten, with no permanent residents but 2 lighthouse keepers on hand [2]. Many of the broadcasts treated or manipulated the two introductory voices with one consisting of nothing but such manipulations. 20 of these transmissions have been made available by Nurse With Wound across a number of separate releases with all tracks listed only by the date of original broadcast.
The list of shipwrecks in May 1827 includes some ships sunk, wrecked or otherwise lost during May 1827.
Home for Christmas (Norwegian: Hjem til jul) is a 2010 Norwegian comedy-drama film directed by Bent Hamer.
“Home for Christmas” is based on a selection of short stories from the Norwegian author Levi Henriksen's collection, ”Only Soft Presents Under the Tree”. These stories, which now and then intersect with each other, all take place in Henriksen's fictitious small town of Skogli, over a couple of hours on Christmas Eve.
Heinrich Diethelm (born 1915; date of death unknown) was a Swiss footballer who played for FC Basel in the 1930s. He played as Striker.
Diethelm joined Basel's first team in 1934. He played his domestic league debut for the club in the home game at the Landhof on 31 March 1935 against Biel-Bienne. He scored his first goal for them in the same game as Basel won 3–2 and it was the match winning goal.Between the years 1934 and 1939 Diethelm played a total of 26 games for Basel scoring a total of five goals. 19 of these games were in the Nationalliga and seven were friendly games. He scored three goals in the domestic league and the other two were scored during the test games.
Victor "Money" Morris (born on September 1, 1985 in Minden, Louisiana) is an American professional basketball player currently playing for the Windsor Express of the National Basketball League of Canada. The 6 ft 1 in (1.85 m), 185 lb (84 kg) point guard graduated from Inkster High School in Inkster, Michigan, and chose to play at Cleveland State University after having received scholarships from other major universities. After graduating from Cleveland State, Morris played his first professional season for TS Goeppingen, in Germany, a team that he led to a German BBW Cup Championship.
Skegrie (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈɧêːɡrɪɛ]) is a locality situated in Trelleborg Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 1,106 inhabitants in 2010.
Old Værøy Church (Norwegian: Værøy gamle kirke) is a historic parish church of the Church of Norway in Værøy Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Nordland on the northern side of the island of Værøya. It used to be the main church for the Værøy parish which is part of the Bodø domprosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1714 (in another location) and it was moved to its present location in 1799. It is the oldest church in Lofoten that is still in use.
The 2011–12 Biathlon World Cup – Pursuit Men will start at Sunday December 4, 2011 in Östersund and will finish Sunday March 17, 2012 in Khanty-Mansiysk. Defending titlist is Tarjei Bø of Norway.
John Stanley Hawkins  (30 June 1903 – 23 August 1965) was an  Anglican priest: the Archdeacon of Totnes from 1962 until his death.He was educated at St Chad's College and ordained in 1933. He began his career as a Curate at St Stephen's, Liverpool, after which he was Rector of Dalwallinu then South Perth, Western Australia. During World War II he was a chaplain in the RAAF. Returning to England he was a Curate at Wolborough then Vicar of Withycombe Raleigh.
CA Gen is a Computer Aided Software Engineering (CASE) application development environment marketed by CA Technologies. Gen was previously known as IEF (Information Engineering Facility), Composer by IEF, Composer, COOL:Gen, Advantage:Gen and AllFusion Gen.
The toolset originally supported the information technology engineering methodology developed by Clive Finkelstein, James Martin and others in the early 1980s. Early versions supported IBM's DB2 database, 3270 'block mode' screens and generated COBOL code.
In the intervening years the toolset has been expanded to support additional development techniques such as component-based development; creation of client/server and web applications and generation of C, Java and C#. In addition, other platforms are now supported such as many variants of *ix-like Operating Systems (AIX, HP-UX, Solaris, Linux) as well as Windows.
Its range of supported database technologies have widened to include ORACLE, Microsoft SQL Server, ODBC, JDBC as well as the original DB2.
The toolset is fully integrated - objects identified during analysis carry forward into design without redefinition. All information is stored in a repository (central encyclopedia). The encyclopedia allows for large team development - controlling access so that multiple developers may not change the same object simultaneously.
Car Bomb (stylized as [Car_Bomb]) is an American mathcore band from Long Island, New York, United States, that was initially formed in 2000. Their debut album, Centralia, was released through Relapse Records on February 6, 2007. Car Bomb's style inspired later mathcore bands.
Toot, Whistle, Plunk and Boom is a 1953 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and directed by Ward Kimball and Charles A. Nichols. A sequel to the first Adventures in Music cartoon, the 3-D short Melody (released earlier in 1953), Toot, Whistle, Plunk and Boom is a stylized presentation of the evolution of the four orchestra sections over the ages with: the brass ("toot"), the woodwind ("whistle"), the strings ("plunk"), and the percussion ("boom").
The first Disney cartoon to be filmed and released in widescreen CinemaScope, Toot, Whistle, Plunk and Boom won the 1954 Oscar for Best Short Subject (Cartoons). In 1994, it was voted #29 of the 50 Greatest Cartoons of all time by members of the animation field.
The short was originally released to theaters on November 10, 1953, and was the first release by Buena Vista Distribution, a distribution company established by Walt Disney. When Disney's regular distributor RKO Radio Pictures resisted Disney's idea of releasing a feature-length True-Life Adventures nature documentary film, Disney formed his own distribution company to handle future Disney releases.
Ryan Shea (born February 11, 1997) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Texas Stars as a prospect under contract with the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).
The 8th Annual Premios Oye! took place at the Auditorio del Estado in Guanajuato, Guanajuato on November 24, 2009. The nominees were announced on September 29 with Alexander Acha and Banda el Recodo receiving 4 nominations, followed by Fanny Lu, Jenni Rivera, Vicente Fernández and Zoé with 3 each one. It will be celebrated in Guanajuato in order to commemorate the 200th Anniversary of the Mexican Independence Day. Rapahel will be awarded by the Academia Nacional de la Música en México for his 50 years or career. The voting process is certified by PricewaterhouseCoopers.
The Emeco 1006 (pronounced ten-oh-six), also known as the Navy chair, is an aluminum chair manufactured by Emeco. The 1006 was originally built in 1944 for Navy warships during World War II, but later became a designer chair used in high-end restaurants and by interior designers. In the 1990s, the company began creating designer versions of the 1006 chair, such as the stackable Hudson chair and the 111 Navy Chair made from recycled plastic. Emeco also makes stools, tables, and other furniture. As of 2012, more than one million Emeco 1006 chairs have been produced.A very similar design (with the unmistakable "curved back with three vertical struts and a slight curve on the back legs") already existed in England 35 years before the creation of the Navy chair by Emeco. The chair was designed and built in 1909 for Selfridges & Co. Shopping Mall on Oxford Street, London, UK. It was commissioned by retail magnate Harry Gordon Selfridge for his first shopping mall project in the UK. The wooden version was built for the popular 1909 Selfridge Restaurant located inside the Mall (ref. Alamy Stock Photo, Image ID:DR9TG9 - Selfridges restaurant, 1909), while the aluminum version was built for the Radio and Television shop. The chairs can be seen in several documentaries on the history of Selfridges.
A box-spring (or divan in some countries) is a type of bed base typically consisting of a sturdy wooden frame covered in cloth and containing springs. Usually the box-spring is placed on top of a wooden or metal bedframe that sits on the floor and acts as a brace, except in the UK where the divan is more often fitted with small casters. The box-spring is usually the same size as the much softer mattress that is placed on it. Working together, the box-spring and mattress (with optional bed frame) make up a bed. It is common to find a box-spring and mattress being used together without the support of a frame underneath, the box spring being mounted directly on casters standing on the floor.
John Robert Taylor (25 January 1884 – 22 October 1913) was a British swimmer. He competed in the men's 100 metre backstroke event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
Altin Zeqiri (born 18 July 2000) is a Kosovan professional footballer who plays as a right winger for Finnish club Lahti.
Hydrocotyle, sometimes called water pennywort, Indian pennywort, dollar weed, marsh penny,  thick-leaved pennywort and even white rot 
is a genus of prostrate, perennial aquatic or semi-aquatic plants formerly classified in the family Apiaceae, now in the family Araliaceae.
Stocksunds Idrottsförening, Stocksunds IF, SIF, is a Swedish sportsclub in Stocksund, just north of Stockholm. The club was founded on 3 January 1935 and has had sections for bandy, ice hockey, association football, figure skating, handball, and floorball. In 2017, only the football section is active. The colours of the club are yellow and black and the team logo displays the Cedergren Tower, a well-known landmark in and around Stocksund.
At present, Stocksunds IF does not compete in the elite leagues in any sport but has a broad activity for youths. Ice hockey player Tommy Albelin played for Stocksunds IF when he was in his teens.
Dwellers in the Crucible is a 1985 Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Margaret Wander Bonanno. A bestseller, it was the author's breakout novel, retelling the central Star Trek story of the friendship between James T. Kirk and Spock through the experiences of two female civilians, Egyptian Cleante al Faisal and Vulcan T'Shael. It is noted for its emphasis on interpersonal relationships over action, and for the minimal role played in the story by the franchise's established characters.
On the Spectrum (Hebrew: על הספקטרום, romanized: Al Haspectrum) is an Israeli comedy-drama television series created by Dana Idisis and Yuval Shafferman and produced by yes TV and Sumayoko Productions. The series premiered in Israel on May 22, 2018. The show won Best Drama Series in the 2018 Israeli Ophir Awards.
The show won the 2018 Grand Jury Prize in the French Séries Mania festival, making it the second Israeli series to claim the award.
It is the first Israeli show that been accepted into the Tribeca Film Festival and the only non-English show at the festival in 2018.In 2020, Amazon Studios picked up the series for an English remake adaptation called As We See It, after ordering a pilot in 2019.In 2021, HBO Max bought the series' rights for North American streaming. The series is available with subtitles and also dubbed with voice actors who are on the spectrum. The series first aired on the platform on April 2 to coincide with Autism Awareness Day.
Cold Springs High School is a public high school in Bremen, Alabama, United States. They educate grades 9-12.
Joe Ellis Brown (May 24, 1933 – January 7, 2018) was an American schoolteacher and politician.
Born in Anderson County, South Carolina, to Prue Ellis and Elouise Grant-Brown, he played football at Allen University and obtained a master's degree at South Carolina State University. He was named principal of Hopkins High School in 1957. Richland County School District One later made Brown principal of Hopkins Junior High, until he retired in 1985. A Democrat, Brown was a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives for district 73 from 1986 to 2006.
Bekesbourne Aerodrome was an airport located at the southeast edge of the village of Bekesbourne, southeast of Canterbury, Kent. It operated from 1916 until 1940, and had both military and civil roles.
Rama (also called Mai Lala, Lala) is a town in Tigray, Ethiopia. Located 35 km north of the town of Adwa and 7 kilometers from the border with Eritrea, in the Mehakelegnaw (Central) Zone of the Tigray Region, this town occupies a fertile lowland area and has a latitude and longitude of 14°25′N 38°47′E with an elevation of 1385 meters above sea level. It is the administrative center of Mereb Lehe woreda.
Job Nixon (Stoke-on-Trent, 1891–1938, London) was an English painter and engraver.
He was born in 1891  in The Potteries, in Staffordshire.When he was eighteen, he won a scholarship to the Royal College of Art. He later studied at the Slade School of Fine Art, and then another scholarship enabled him to attend the British School of Engraving in Rome.
He as known for his etchings and drypoints, producing over 75. Many of these depicted places in France or Italy.He became an associate of the Royal Watercolour Society in 1928 and a member in 1934.His paintings are in a number of public collections, including those of Manchester Art Gallery, the Potteries Museum & Art Gallery the Royal Watercolour Society, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, the Auckland Art Gallery, and the National Gallery of Victoria.He died in 1938.In a review of a 1972 exhibition by fellow Staffordshire-born engraver Geoffrey Heath Wedgwood, Edward Morris wrote:
Wedgwood was one of the first pupils to be able to study engraving alone for his diploma [at the RCA] and he profited  from the vigorous manner of Job Nixon [1891–1938] rather than from the more refined, delicate approach of the Professor, Sir Frank Short.
Carcano is the frequently used name for a series of Italian bolt-action, magazine-fed, repeating military rifles and carbines. Introduced in 1891, this rifle was chambered for the rimless 6.5×52mm Carcano round (Cartuccia Modello 1895). It was developed by the chief technician Salvatore Carcano at the Turin Army Arsenal in 1890, and was originally called the Modello (model) 91 or simply M91. Successively replacing the previous Vetterli-Vitali rifles and carbines in 10.35×47mmR, it was produced from 1892 to 1945. The M91 was used in both rifle (fucile) and shorter-barreled carbine (moschetto) form by most Italian troops during World War I and by Italian and some German forces during World War II. The rifle was also used during the Winter War by Finland, and again by regular and irregular forces in Syria, Libya, Tunisia and Algeria during various postwar conflicts in those countries.
The Type I Carcano rifle was produced by Italy for the Japanese Empire prior to World War II. After the invasion of China, all Arisaka production was required for use of the Imperial Army, so the Imperial Navy contracted with Italy for this weapon in 1937. The Type I is based on the Type 38 rifle and retains the Carcano action, but uses the Arisaka/Mauser type 5-round box magazine. The Type I was used primarily by Japanese Imperial Naval Forces and was chambered for the Japanese 6.5×50mm Arisaka cartridge. Approximately 60,000 Type I rifles were produced by Italian arsenals for Japan.
A Carcano M38 was used by Lee Harvey Oswald to assassinate United States President John F. Kennedy on November 22, 1963 in Dallas, Texas.
The Mekong Delta Rice Research Institute (CLRRI, Vietnamese: Viện lúa Đồng bằng sông Cửu Long), situated in Cần Thơ, Vietnam, is a governmental institution dedicated to agricultural research. The institute was established in 1977.
Michael Duignan (; born 21 February 1968) is an Irish former hurler and Gaelic footballer and current Gaelic games administrator, serving as chairman of the Offaly County Board.
Yellow Girl Bay 32B is a First Nations reserve in Kenora District, Ontario. It is one of the reserves of the Naotkamegwanning First Nation.
This article refers to the regency in Indonesia; see also Al-Quds (Jerusalem)Kudus (Javanese: ꦏꦸꦢꦸꦱ꧀) is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in Central Java province in Indonesia. Its capital is Kudus. It covers 425.16 km2 and is thus the smallest regency on Java Island in area, and it had a population of 777,437 at the 2010 Census and 849,184 at the 2020 Census, comprising 423,777 males and 425,407 females. It is located east of Semarang, the capital of Central Java.
Dohei Takabe (高部 道平, Takabe Dōhei, 1881 – October 19, 1951) was a professional 7 dan Go player.
Pakistan participated in the 2016 South Asian Games in Guwahati and Shillong, India from 5 February to 16 February 2016.
Lone Star Products Ltd. was the brand name used by the British company Die Cast Machine Tools Ltd (DCMT) for its toy products.  DCMT was based in Welham Green, Hertfordshire, north of London.
Fairmount is a neighborhood within Lower North Philadelphia. Its boundaries are north of Fairmount Avenue, west of Corinthian Avenue, south of Girard Avenue and east of The Schuylkill River. 
While this may be the most accurate demarcation, the area's boundaries fluctuate depending how the neighborhood is defined. Several other neighborhoods near Fairmount are sometimes also collectively called Fairmount, including: Spring Garden, Franklintown and Francisville. Fairmount and neighboring Spring Garden are commonly referred to as the "Art Museum Area," for their proximity to and association with the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Fairmount is also the location of the Eastern State Penitentiary.
The name "Fairmount" derives from the prominent hill on which the Philadelphia Museum of Art now sits and where William Penn intended to build his manor house. Later, the name was applied to the street originally called Hickory Lane that runs from the foot of Fairmount Hill through the heart of the neighborhood.
Guardiaregia is a small mountain town in the Province of Campobasso, Molise, southern Italy. Their patron saint is San Nicola di Bari, otherwise known as St. Nicholas.
Murray Sidman (April 29, 1923 – May 18, 2019) was a behavioral scientist, best known for Sidman Avoidance, also called "free-operant avoidance", in which an individual learns to avoid an aversive stimulus by remembering to produce the response without any other stimulus. Sidman's explanation of free-operant avoidance is an alternative to the Miller-Mowrer two-process theory of avoidance.
The Laurence Olivier Awards, or simply the Olivier Awards, are presented annually by the Society of London Theatre to recognise excellence in professional theatre in London at an annual ceremony in the capital. The awards were originally known as the Society of West End Theatre Awards, but they were renamed in honour of the British actor of the same name in 1984.
The awards are given to individuals involved in West End productions and other leading non-commercial theatres based in London across a range of categories covering plays, musicals, dance, opera and affiliate theatre. A discretionary non-competitive Special Olivier Award is also given each year. The Olivier Awards are recognised internationally as the highest honour in British theatre, equivalent to the BAFTA Awards for film and television, and the BRIT Awards for music. The Olivier Awards are considered equivalent to Broadway's Tony Awards and France's Molière Award.
Since inception, the awards have been held at various venues and theatres across London, from 2012 to 2016 at the Royal Opera House, before moving to the Royal Albert Hall in 2017. Television coverage is broadcast in prime time on ITV, who acquired the rights from 2013 onwards, with radio coverage by Magic Radio.
In complex analysis, a branch of mathematics, the Gauss–Lucas theorem gives a geometric relation between the roots of a polynomial P and the roots of its derivative P′. The set of roots of a real or complex polynomial is a set of points in the complex plane. The theorem states that the roots of P′ all lie within the convex hull of the roots of P, that is the smallest convex polygon containing the roots of P. When P has a single root then this convex hull is a single point and when the roots lie on a line then the convex hull is a segment of this line. The Gauss–Lucas theorem, named after Carl Friedrich Gauss and Félix Lucas, is similar in spirit to Rolle's theorem.
Derobrachus geminatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. For over 100 years, this species was confused with the related species Derobrachus hovorei; essentially all literature prior to 2007 therefore uses the name geminatus for the wrong species, while the true geminatus was known under the junior name Derobrachus forreri. It is an uncommon species but fairly large, reaching 70 mm in length, that can be found from southern Arizona and Texas to Sinaloa and Baja California Sur.
Irineópolis is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.
Eufronio Reyes Cruz (born 1934) is a Filipino comics artist best known for his work on mystery comics and war comics for DC Comics in the 1970s and 1980s.
El Inesperado (“The Unexpected One”)  is a novel by Enrique Lafourcade, contemporary Chilean author, critic and journalist; published by LOM Ediciones, Santiago, Chile, in 2004, in Spanish. It has been translated to English by the author’s daughter Nicole Lafourcade, poet and literary translator residing in the United States, but the English manuscript remains unpublished, except for a chapter presented online by literary magazine Letralia. In "The Unexpected One", Lafourcade reconstructs the years spent by French poet Arthur Rimbaud in the north of Africa.  The novel evokes an enterprising and risky period in the poet’s life, at the end of the 19th century, when he travelled through Harar and Aden, among others places in North East Africa, places that were considered savage and exotic in Europe, seeking coffee and other products for commercialization.  With a mysterious and intense air, the prose of the author recreates the atmosphere of boldness and danger, but also serenity - and in certain form, redemption-, where the poet unfolds.  With the retained serenity of an asleep volcano which threatens to awake at any moment, and helped by the mystery and awe suggested by a foreigner who dominates the arts of local exchange, the ‘unexpected one’ (Rimbaud) evokes respect among merchants and smugglers, rough folks who could murder him at any moment and nevertheless accept his arduous and astute negotiation techniques.Lafourcade, admirer of the avant-garde spirit and innovation of the young poet, tells us:  "It is certain: he was a damned boy, badly educated, insolent, loud-mouthed, audacious, a total creator, but he was also good: angel and devil lived together in him."
Anaxagorea phaeocarpa is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Honduras.
Nocardia asteroides is a species of Nocardia. It can cause nocardiosis, a severe pulmonary infection in immunocompromised hosts.
The US Center for Women in Law, set up and funded by women, says it is "devoted to the success of the entire spectrum of women in law ... serves as a national resource to convene leaders, generate ideas, and lead change".  It says that it combines theory with practice, addressing issues facing individuals and the profession as a whole. The Center is a Vision 2020 National Ally.
Group Captain Adam Nugent Wise LVO MBE BA RAF (1 August 1943 – 14 February 2008) was a pilot, Equerry to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, and Private Secretary and Equerry to Prince Andrew and Prince Edward from 1983 to 1987.
The Welsh Presbyterian Church is in St John Street, Chester, Cheshire, England.  The church was built in 1866, and designed by W. & G. Audsley of Liverpool.  It is constructed with a yellow sandstone front, brick sides and rear, and a slate roof.  The plan consists of a simple rectangle, with an apse at the east end, and a narrower single-storey narthex at the west (entrance) end.  The narthex is supported by octagonal piers at the corners and two granite columns between them.  On each side of the narthex is a lancet window.  Above the narthex is a large rose window, with a lancet window above, and a cross finial on the gable.  The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.  The wall and the iron railings and gates in front of the church are included in the listing.
Ingeniero Luis A. Huergo is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
The 2017 World RX of South Africa was the twelfth and final round of the fourth season of the FIA World Rallycross Championship. The event was held at the Killarney Motor Racing Complex in Cape Town, Western Cape.
Richard McNamara (born 23 October 1972 in Mytholmroyd, West Riding of Yorkshire, England) is an English musician, singer-songwriter, and producer, best known as the guitarist and co-lead vocalist for the English band Embrace. He and his older brother, Danny, grew up in the village of Bailiff Bridge, Brighouse near Halifax. Danny is the band's lead singer.
Richard and Danny McNamara attended Hipperholme Grammar School in nearby Hipperholme with their brother Jonathan.According to Danny, as a child Richard was nicknamed 'Firestarter' as he was fascinated with fire and was always playing with a box of matches.McNamara was initially the drummer for a thrash metal garage band called Gross Misconduct in his teens. It is believed that Embrace began when his brother barged into a session and started telling him and his bandmates what to do.Although McNamara has worked with his brother in writing many of the band's songs, he only single-handedly sings a few songs. Most notably "One Big Family" and "Hooligan" which were both issued as singles; also "I Want The World" on the band's début album.
In 2018, McNamara (alongside Embrace members, Steve Firth, Mike Heaton and Mickey Dale) collaborated with Preston-based songwriter, Mark Whiteside [Evil Blizzard] under Whiteside’s pre-existing solo project, One Sided Horse. An album [“Between Light and Space”] was recorded and produced by Mickey Dale and released on UK Independent Label, Butterfly Effect.
Pape Paye (born 1990), French footballerOtherHarry Paye (died 1419), English privateer and smuggler
This article lists the winners and nominees for the Black Reel Award for Television for Outstanding Supporting Actor, Comedy Series. This category was first introduced in 2017 and won by Tituss Burgess for Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Burgess & Thompson are currently tied with most wins in this category wins with 2. Jay Ellis & Laurence Fishburne are currently tied as the most nominated actor with 4 nominations.
Dipropylene glycol is a mixture of three isomeric chemical compounds, 4-oxa-2,6-heptandiol, 2-(2-hydroxy-propoxy)-propan-1-ol, and 2-(2-hydroxy-1-methyl-ethoxy)-propan-1-ol. It is a colorless, nearly odorless liquid with a high boiling point and low toxicity.
Dalelia or Dalilea (from Scottish Gaelic: Dàil Eileadh [t̪aːl ˈeləɣ]) is hamlet on the north shore of Loch Shiel in Acharacle district of Argyll, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland. Kinlochmoidart is to the north. The alternate Gaelic name "Dàil an Leigh" has been suggested but this is believed to be a folk etymology for Dàil Eileadh. It is perhaps most famous as the birthplace of the renowned 18th-century Gaelic poet Alasdair mac Mhaighstir Alasdair; his father and elder brother held the tack. Today, Dalilea is a working farm with self-catered accommodation for tourists and boats for hire.
The 1976 Federation Cup was the 14th edition of the most important competition between national teams in women's tennis.  For the first time, enough teams entered to necessitate Pre-Qualifying rounds.  The tiebreaker also was used for the first time. The tournament was held at The Spectrum in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States, from 22–29 August. The United States defeated Australia in the final, in what was the sixth final between United States and Australia.
Thomas "Tom" Bruce Domres (October 19, 1946 – November 8, 1999) was a professional American football defensive tackle in the American Football League (1968–1970) and the National Football League (1970–1972). Born in Marshfield, Wisconsin, he played for the Houston Oilers (1968–1971) and the Denver Broncos (1971–1972). He played at the collegiate level at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Washington Township is a township in Shelby County, Iowa. There are 434 people and 12 people per square mile in  Township. The total area is 36 square miles.
An effusive eruption is a type of volcanic eruption in which lava steadily flows out of a volcano onto the ground.
Dobrodzień [dɔˈbrɔd͡ʑeɲ] (German: Guttentag, Silesian: Dobrodziyń) is a small town in Olesno County, in Opole Voivodeship, Poland. Located in the historical region of Upper Silesia, it is the administrative seat of Gmina Dobrodzień.
The 708th Infantry Division (German: 708. Infanteriedivision) was a German Army infantry division in World War II.
Kevin Michael Padlo (born July 15, 1996) is an American professional baseball third baseman for the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball (MLB). He previously played for the Tampa Bay Rays.
Parachela ingerkongi is a species of cyprinid in the genus Parachela. It inhabits Borneo and is considered harmless to humans.
Václavíček (feminine Václavíčková) is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Noravank Sport Club (Armenian: Նորավանք մարզական ակումբ), is a football club based in Vayk, Armenia, and play in the Armenian Premier League.
The 1934 Western State Teachers Hilltoppers football team represented Western State Teachers College (later renamed Western Michigan University) as an independent during the 1934 college football season.  In their sixth season under head coach Mike Gary, the Hilltoppers compiled a 7–1 record and outscored their opponents, 104 to 52. Halfback John Miller was the team captain.
In mathematics, specifically in functional analysis and order theory, a Banach lattice 
   is a normed lattice with a norm 
   is a Banach space and for all 
          |
          |
          |
          |
          |
          |
Uroballus peckhami is a spider species of the jumping spider family, Salticidae that is known only from northern Vietnam (Ha Noi).This species is known only from a single female.
Kanara Entrepreneurs (KE) is a non-profit mutual benefit corporation in the Kanara region of the Indian state Karnataka whose stated mission is to encourage, support, guide, and mentor potential and early-stage entrepreneurs. According to their website, KE aims to provide networking opportunities and counseling to their members. Membership is open to entrepreneurs, senior corporate executives, and senior professionals residing in, or associated with, the Kanara region, and requires an annual fee for admittance.KE has affiliations with Dimensions in Mumbai and Rachana in Mangalore and has hosted a joint networking event in 2011 at the Hotel Grand Magrath.KE has signed MOUs (Memorandums of Understanding) with several educational institutions including Christ University in Bangalore, St. Josephs Institute of Management in Bangalore, and St. Aloysius Institute of Management and Information Technology in Mangalore, providing their students with regular hourly sessions with KE members.
In 2014, KE hosted a two-day entrepreneurship convention called Entreprenet held at the Park Plaza Hotel with 400 in attendance, including local entrepreneurs, corporate executives, and the Archbishop of Bangalore.
Tinantia pringlei, sometimes known as the Mexican wandering Jew or Spotted Widow's Tears, is a perennial alpine plant in the dayflower family native to northeastern Mexico. The species is grown as an ornamental plant in temperate areas for its attractive spotted purple foliage and lavender flowers. It is also a common weed of greenhouses. The plants reproduce primarily or exclusively through self-pollination.
Iskandar Puteri is a federal constituency in Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2018.
The federal constituency was created in the 2018 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Mount Vance (75°28′S 139°34′W) is a mountain (840 m) rising between Mount LeMasurier and Mount McCrory in the Ickes Mountains of Marie Byrd Land. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Dale L. Vance, an ionospheric scientist at Byrd Station, 1963, and U.S. Exchange Scientist to the Vostok station, 1971.
 This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document: "Mount Vance". (content from the Geographic Names Information System)
Westgate Mall has existed as a Greater Cleveland suburban shopping center in some form since the mid-1950s. Located at the intersection of Center Ridge Road and West 210th Street Fairview Park, Ohio at the boundary of Rocky River, Ohio. Westgate mall is now known as "Westgate", 
Tirurangadi Muslim Orphanage is an educational hub of ten educational organizations situated in and around Tirurangadi town in Malappuram district, Kerala, India. P.S.M.O.College is the biggest campus in the entire group.
The Big Muddy River is a 156-mile-long (251 km) river in southern Illinois. It joins the Mississippi River just south of Grand Tower. The Big Muddy has been dammed near Benton, forming Rend Lake.
The Big Muddy has a mud bottom for most of its length.
Liebe ist ... 2 (Love Is...2) is the twenty-first studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. Compared to their previous three releases, this album was a moderate success. As with Liebe ist ..., it contained only cover versions of well-known oldies.
Rhianna Patrick (born 1977) is a Torres Strait Islander radio personality who was born in Brisbane and lived in Weipa as a child, moving to Brisbane aged 10. She has a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Queensland in 1999 with a double major in journalism. She has worked in radio and television.
Elena Ospitaletche (born 1 August 1960) is a Uruguayan former swimmer. She competed in two events at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
The Eddisbury by-election, 1929 was a by-election held on 20 March 1929 for the British House of Commons constituency of Eddisbury.
The men's 100m freestyle events at the 2020 World Para Swimming European Open Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Pools Complex.
A GSL service barge pontoon is a non self-propelled yardcraft built by Goa Shipyard Limited for the Indian Navy.
The hulls are connected by trusses of round pipes and steel deck transverse beams. Each hull is divided into eight watertight compartments. The pontoon have cylindrical rubber fenders of 600 mm O.D. installed on both sides to absorb impacts and low reaction loads. Structural provisions have been made for vertical roller fenders at the forward and aft corners on the side facing the ship. The fenders are not installed/fitted. The pontoon is intended for berthing service barges on a ship by serving as spacers between the service barge and the ship. The pontoon deck is used for temporary storage of cargos during handling/mooring.It was built as part of an order to construct four berthing pontoons, one service barge pontoon and four gangways. The request for proposal was issued on 7 March 2011 and the contract was signed on June 2011. By February 2013 it had been delivered and was stationed at Naval Dockyard, Mumbai. GSL class berthing pontoons are its cousin sister ships.
Nepenthes hurrelliana  is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to Borneo, where it has been recorded from northern Sarawak, southwestern Sabah, and Brunei. It is of putative hybrid origin; its two original parent species are thought to be N. fusca and N. veitchii.  A thick indumentum of rusty-brown hairs covers the entire plant, a characteristic presumably inherited from the latter.
Michel Zen-Ruffinen (born April 24, 1959) served as the general secretary of FIFA, the international governing body of association football from 1998 to 2002.Zen-Ruffinen is a lawyer specializing in (sports law), and has been a respected football referee. His career at FIFA career began in 1986, and he was subsequently appointed head of its legal department by Sepp Blatter, then general secretary of the Association. He was then appointed Blatter's deputy, and became president of FIFA. He has been nominated for the post of general secretary.
On May 3rd 2002, at a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Federation, Zen-Ruffinen presented a report which put forward serious accusations against President Blatter. Five of the seven vice-presidents demanded that Blatter resign, but the Committee preferred that he submit a written explanation on all eight charges made against him. Soon, due to significant disagreements with FIFA leadership, Zen-Ruffinen was forced to leave his position.In 2007, he was appointed head of the Association of Football Agents (AFA).In 2015, he expressed his intentions to run for the FIFA post of president, but in the end decided not to run.
Shrawan (Nepali: श्रावन or श्रावण) also known as Saaun (Nepali: साउन) 
is the fourth month in the Bikram Sambat, the official Nepali calendar. This month coincides with July 17 to August 16 of the Western calendar and is 32 days long.
Winter Stories is an album by American singer Judy Collins and Norwegian musician Jonas Fjeld backed by American blugrass group Chatham County Line. It was released on November 29, 2019 on the Cleopatra label and reached number one on the Billboard Top Bluegrass Albums chart, becoming the 80-year-old Collins' first ever American number one album on any chart, as well as the first for Fjeld and the third for Chatham County Line.
Mary Pauline Galea  (born 1951) is an Australian physiotherapist and neuroscientist at University of Melbourne. She resides in Melbourne, Australia. Galea is a professorial fellow at the University of Melbourne's Department of Medicine at the Royal Melbourne Hospital and a Senior Principal Fellow in the Florey Institute of Neurosciences and Mental Health. She was foundation professor of clinical physiotherapy and director of the Rehabilitation Sciences Research Centre at the University of Melbourne and Austin Health. She is internationally recognised for her work in spinal cord injury and rehabilitative interventions.
Louise (Take 2) is a 1998 French drama film directed by Siegfried. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
Grigore Claudio Rîşco (born August 22, 1978), also known as Claudio Rasco, is a retired Romanian boxer.
Formed by directors Gerry Dawson and Edgar Criddle as the Merseyside Left Theatre in the 1930s, the theatre became known as the Merseyside Unity Theatre in 1944. The company was known for being radical and experimentalist, staging classics alongside contemporary left-wing theatre; an aim was to make theatre accessible to the working class.
Today, the theatre provides workshops and performance space and is based in a converted synagogue (the former home of Liverpool Reform Synagogue) on Hope Place off Hope Street.
John P. Jacob (born 1957) is an American curator. He grew up in Italy and Venezuela, graduated from the Collegiate School (1975) in New York City, and studied at the University of Chicago before earning a BA in Human Ecology from the College of the Atlantic (1981) and an MA in Art History from Indiana University (1994).
Kōdan (講談, formerly known as kōshaku (講釈)) is a style of traditional oral Japanese storytelling. The form evolved out of lectures on historical or literary topics given to high-ranking nobles of the Heian period, changing over the centuries to be adopted by the general samurai class and eventually by commoners, and eventually, by the end of the Edo period, declining in favor of new types of entertainment and storytelling such as naniwa-bushi. It was at this time that the term kōshaku was abandoned and kōdan adopted. Today, after a failed attempt to revive the art in 1974, there are four schools of kōdan and only a very few performers between them.
Kōdan is usually performed sitting behind a desk or lectern, and using wooden clappers or a fan to mark the rhythm of the recitation. This derives from the origin of the art form in cultural, literary or historical lectures given in the Heian period courts.
During the Muromachi period (1333–1568), the form was adopted or revived by the general samurai class for educational purposes. Dramatic readings from historical war chronicles (gunki monogatari) such as Taiheiki and Heike Monogatari were organized. By the beginning of the Edo period in 1600, the form had developed even further and spread to become even more commonplace. Masterless samurai (rōnin) would often support themselves by performing dramatic readings of Taiheiki or other chronicles and tales. It was at this time that the form expanded to include not just the classic standard chronicles but general historical events as well, which were not codified into a set written form. Where readers of the Heian period read directly from classical texts, kōshakushi of the Edo period prided themselves on their knowledge of history and told stories both contemporary and historical. They memorized not the precise words and phrases of a story, but the details of the events themselves, which could then be formed into a story, somewhat different each time it is told. Soon the stories began to center not around samurai and nobles, but around townsfolk, thieves, and vigilantes; the storytellers adapted to their own tastes, their own knowledge, and that of their audience, which was increasingly townsfolk and not nobility.
In 1700, a man by the name of Nawa Seizaemon opened the Taiheiki-ba in the Akasaka section of Edo (now Tokyo), becoming the first professional kōshakushi. Kōdan remained strong for many years, and gained a new popularity after the Meiji Restoration (1868), which, being a quite major event, supplied the performers with much new material. At one point, there were fifty performance halls in Tokyo devoted primarily or exclusively to kōdan. By the beginning of World War II, there were still six or seven.
Though the arrival of movies, records, and other forms of entertainment eclipsed kōdan in the early 20th century, the art form contributed heavily to various forms of Japanese theater and to the development in Japan of the modern popular fiction novel.
This is a list of notable events in music that took place in the year 1981.
Owsley Bridge is a historic bridge spanning the Snake River on the Twin-Gooding county line in southern Idaho, United States, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Asplundia helicotricha is a species of plant in the Cyclanthaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.  Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Greg Jones is one of the most successful American collegiate wrestlers of all-time.  At West Virginia University, Jones won three NCAA Division 1 wrestling titles - one of only 39 wrestlers to accomplish that feat in the tournament's 75-year history.
Shortly after his 5-3 decision of Cornell's Tyler Baier in the 184 pound finals, Jones was named the 2005 tournament's Most Outstanding Wrestler.  In addition to his title in 2005, Jones won the 184 pound title in 2004 and the 174 pound title as a freshman in 2002. Jones is currently serving as the Head Wrestling Coach for Sanford MMA in Deerfield Beach FL.
Sage 50cloud is a set of accountancy and payroll products developed by Sage Group aimed at small and medium enterprises. Sage offer different products under the Sage 50 name in different regions. The product name originally derives from the UK and Ireland version of the product where the number 50 indicated that it was aimed at companies with up to 50 employees.
The Crystal Springs Fountain is a historic roadside fountain along old U.S. Route 10 near Crystal Springs, North Dakota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010. It provided spring water and was a rest stop for travelers.The fountain, fed by an artesian well, consists of an elevated reservoir that leads down to an open drinking fountain. The fountain, made of local fieldstone, was constructed in 1935, by stonemason Art Geisler as a replacement for "the old iron pipe from which travelers used to obtain a cool drink of spring water while motoring on No. 10." Its construction was sponsored by the state highway department under the auspices of the Works Progress Administration. The fountain is located in a clearing adjacent to Crystal Springs Lake.
The Derby City Classic is an annual pool convention and tournament held every January at the Horseshoe Southern Indiana casino in Elizabeth, Indiana near Louisville, Kentucky. It is eight days long and offers various disciplines of pocket billiards competitions for pool players of all caliber.  It is often referred to as the DCC.
Bangkalan is a town on the western coast of Madura Island in Indonesia, the government seat of the Bangkalan Regency.
Excoecaria benthamiana is a species of plant in the family Euphorbiaceae. It is endemic to Seychelles.
The office of Prime Minister of Iran was established in 1906 during the Persian Constitutional Revolution, and existed until 1989 when the office was abolished after a constitutional referendum. The Prime Minister was the head of government of Iran.
Nasrullah Moshir al-Dowleh was the first and Mir-Hossein Mousavi was the last Prime Minister of Iran. Before the Constitutional Revolution, the head of government was called Grand Vizier (Sadr-e A'zam or Vazir-e A'zam).
Ignacio Garro Gómez de Carrero (born 21 April 1981 in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Álava), known as Nacho Garro, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.
The Manchester Statistical Society is a learned society founded in 1833 in Manchester, England. It has a distinguished history, having played an important part in researching economic and social conditions using social surveys. It continues to be active as a forum for the discussion of social and economic issues and also in promoting research.
Dorothy Sara Blair, nee Greene (1913-1998) was an English scholar and translator of Francophone African literature.
U.S. Città di Palermo played the season 2004-05 in the Serie A league. It was the first time Palermo entered the top division since 1973.
Kalateh-ye Som (Persian: كلاته ثم, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye S̄om and Kalāteh-ye Sam) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 245, in 74 families.
The Fu River, or Fuhe (Chinese: 抚河), is a river in China's Jiangxi province. Its basin occupies most of the Fuzhou prefecture of Jiangxi.
The Fu River has it origin on the northwestern slopes of the Wuyi Mountains, from where it flows in the general north-northwestern and northwestern direction. Via a network of smaller lakes and channels in Nanchang prefecture, the waters of the Fuhe eventually reach the Poyang Lake, to which it is one of the major tributaries, along with the Gan River (which flows from the south/southwest) and a number of smaller rivers coming from the east and west.
As the Poyang Lake drains into the Yangtze, the Fu River is part of the Yangtze Basin as well.
Agnorhiza bolanderi  is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Bolander's mule's ears. It is endemic to California, where it is known only from a narrow section of the Sierra Nevada foothills about 275 kilometers long from Shasta County to Mariposa County. It grows in chaparral and grassland habitat, usually on serpentine soils.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. (November 25, 1960 – July 16, 1999), often referred to as John-John or JFK Jr., was an American lawyer, journalist, and magazine publisher. He was a son of U.S. president John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, and a younger brother of Caroline Kennedy. Three days before his third birthday, his father was assassinated.
From his childhood years at the White House, Kennedy was heavily covered by media, and later became a popular social figure in Manhattan. Trained as a lawyer, he worked as a New York City assistant district attorney for almost four years. In 1995, Kennedy launched George magazine, using his political and celebrity status to publicize it. He died in a plane crash in 1999 at the age of 38.
Milo Matanović, Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Montenegro from 1915 to 1916
Wanted by the Police is a 1938 American crime film directed by Howard Bretherton and written by Wellyn Totman. The film stars Frankie Darro, Evalyn Knapp, Robert Kent, Matty Fain, Lillian Elliott and Don Rowan. The film was released on September 21, 1938, by Monogram Pictures.
Granada Atlético Club de Fútbol was a Spanish football team based in Granada, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 2004, it played its last season in Tercera División - Group 9, holding home games at Estadio Nuevo Los Cármenes, with a capacity of 16,200 seats.
The text of this article is based on a translation of the German language article, Johannes I
Johann I, Count of Kraichgau (born 1063/1064, died October 26, 1104) was Bishop of Speyer from 1090 to 1104.
Johann I came from the family of the Counts of Zeisolf-Wolfram. His parents were Wolfram and Atzela, and his uncle was Hermann III von Hochstaden, the Archbishop of Cologne.Johann served prior to his episcopacy as an archdeacon at the collegiate church of Sinsheim. On March 7, 1090 he became Bishop of Speyer.
The family was closely connected with the Salians. Johann I was a faithful follower of Emperor Henry IV and remained in the investiture dispute at his side. In expiation of a consequent ban from the Pope, he founded Blaubeuren Abbey with his niece Adelaide. He also converted the collegiate church of Sinsheim to a monastery, for which he made rich endowments from his private possession.
During the persecution of the Jews in connection with the First crusade in 1096 he took the Jews into his personal protection (see History of the Jews in Speyer#Massacres of 1096).
Bishop Johann died on October 26, 1104, at the age of 41 and is registered on the day of his death with an annual memorial mass in the newer Seelbuch of Speyer Cathedral. He was buried in the collegiate church of Sinsheim, in a tomb in front of the high altar, where his mother was laid to rest. Johann's father and brother Wolfram were buried there in front of the altar of the apostle.
According to the chroniclers Philipp Simonis (1532-1587) and Wilhelm Eysengrein, he bequeathed his family's possession, the Castle of Spangenberg to the diocese of Speyer.The writer Wilhelm Hünermann used Bishop John vom Kraichgau as a literary figure in his 1941 novel The Living Light (Verlag der Buchgemeinde Bonn), about the life of St. Hildegard of Bingen.
Lukas Sinkiewicz (born 9 October 1985) is a Polish-German footballer who plays as a defender who SV Lövenich/Widdersdorf. He last played for SSV Jahn Regensburg. He has represented Germany on three occasions.
Odd Jarl Pedersen (7 December 1944 – 19 August 2011) was a Norwegian judge.
He hailed from Kristiansand. In his younger days he was a track and field athlete. He represented Kristiansands IF. After graduating with the cand.jur. degree he was a deputy judge in Nedre Romerike. He then worked at the University of Oslo, for the municipal attorney in Oslo and in Strømmen District Court. He then spent the rest of his career as a presiding judge in Eidsivating Court of Appeal. In 1998 he was an acting Supreme Court Justice. He published several books.He died in August 2011.
Louis Fortier  (25 October 1953 – 4 October 2020) was a biologist and oceanographer from Québec, Canada.
Richard Grucza is an American epidemiologist and professor of psychiatry at Washington University School of Medicine.
The State Committee for National Security (Russian: Государственный комитет национальной безопасности, ГКНБ; Kyrgyz: Улуттук коопсуздук боюнча мамлекеттик комитети, УKMK) is the national agency responsible for intelligence on counter terrorism and organised crime in Kyrgyzstan. In carrying out this task, it carries out both preventive and investigative measures against organized terrorism and crime. The chairman of the UKMK is a military officer and a member of the Security Council of Kyrgyzstan. It is currently based on 70 Erkindik Street, Bishkek.
Anheh (Persian: انهه, also Romanized as Ānheh; also known as Aneh) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 73, in 19 families.
Leigh is a village and civil parish (with a parish council shared with Bransford) in the Malvern Hills district of the county of Worcestershire, England.
With just a few hundred inhabitants the parish lies on the A4103, the main Worcester to Hereford road, about 5 miles out of Worcester, whilst Malvern is also about 5 miles away. The parish includes Leigh, Brockamin, Leigh Sinton, Sandlin & Smith End Green. The local pronunciation is that the name rhymes with "lie".
Due largely to the significant reduction of the hop industry in the area,Leigh, like many local villages, declined in the late 20th century; it lost its pub, its police station and its railway station (with the closure of the Bromyard branch line in the 1960s).
The Dascomb House is a historic house at 125 Dascomb Road in Andover, Massachusetts.  It was built c. 1760 by Jacob Johnson, a local blacksmith who had his shop on the property.  It remained in the Johnson family until 1832, when it was deeded to Jacob Dascomb, deacon of the West Parish Church.  He fell on financial hard times and sold the property in 1852, after which it has been through a long succession of owners.The house is a typical 2+1⁄2-story center-chimney Georgian colonial.  It was embellished at some point with Greek Revival details, and a front porch added around the turn of the 20th century has since been removed. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
CopperheadOS is a mobile operating system for smartphones, based on the Android mobile platform. It adds privacy and security features to the official releases of the Android Open Source Project by Google. CopperheadOS is developed by Copperhead, a Canadian information security company. It is licensed under Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 4.0, although its source code is not available for public download.
CopperheadOS supports smartphones in the Google Pixel product line; other devices are not targeted in order to preserve the resources of the development team. It has several security features not found in stock Android, such as a hardened version of the Linux kernel, and the ability to use separate passwords for unlocking the device and for encryption. Rather than use the Google Play Store found on most Android devices, CopperheadOS ships with the F-Droid store in order to reduce the risk of users installing malicious apps.
Development of CopperheadOS began in 2014, and the operating system had an initial alpha release in August 2015. This was followed by a beta release in February 2016, followed by several other releases targeting the Google Nexus and Pixel phones. The project was initially released under the GNU General Public License, with the project's source code publicly available on GitHub. In October 2016 the license was changed to Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike (BY-NC-SA), and as of June 2020 access to the source code was restricted to members of Copperhead's partner network.
The women's triple jump event  at the 1997 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 7–8.
Floria L. Ciarlo (born September 2, 1936) was an American politician.
Ciarlo was born September 2, 1936 in Harvey, Illinois. Ciarlo received her bachelor's degree in education from the National College of Education. She worked as a teacher for Steger School District 194 and a program manager for Bloom Township High School District 206. She was a member of the Board of Trustees for Prairie State College.Ciarlo, a resident of Steger, Illinois, was elected as a Republican to the Illinois House of Representatives from the 80th District in 1994. She served on the Committees on Aging; Cities & Villages; Commerce, Industry & Labor; Elementary & Secondary Education. She was defeated for reelection by Democratic candidate George F. Scully, Jr. in the 1996 general election. After the election, Ciarlo was hired by the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity. In 1998, Ciarlo ran for the Illinois Senate against incumbent Democrat Debbie Halvorson.
Oryzeae is a tribe of flowering plants in the true grass family, Poaceae. It contains 11 genera, including both cultivated rice (Oryza) and wild rice (Zizania).
Elizabeth Stanley (born December 10, 1978) is an American stage actor and singer. She has originated a number of main and featured roles in Broadway musicals, including Allison in Cry-Baby and Dyanne in Million Dollar Quartet. In 2020, Stanley was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for her portrayal of Mary Jane Healy in Jagged Little Pill.
The University of Iowa College of Liberal Arts and Sciences (CLAS) is the largest of the eleven colleges at The University of Iowa, founded in 1900. In 2007-2008, there was a total of 16,417 undergraduates enrolled in CLAS, 81% of all undergraduates at the university, and about 2,400 graduate students. The largest undergraduate majors are: Psychology, English, Biology, Communication Studies, Interdepartmental Studies, Political Science, School of Art and Art History, History, International Studies, and Journalism. The College is housed in Schaeffer Hall, part of the historic Pentacrest on the university's Iowa City campus.
Hollywood Steps Out is a 1941 short Merrie Melodies cartoon by Warner Bros., directed by Tex Avery. The short was released on May 24, 1941.The cartoon features caricatures of over 40 Hollywood celebrities.
2009 Italian Athletics Indoor Championships was the 40th edition of the Italian Athletics Indoor Championships and were held in Turin.
Hasnain Lehri is a Pakistani fashion model. He has won multiple awards as a male model, Hasnain Lehri is the only super model who has won five LUX Style Award in the History of Pakistani fashion / Entertainment industry, also he has set a record of receiving four consecutive awards at the Lux Style Awards, (Winning Year) LSA 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, and again at LSA 2020. Lehri was chosen as one of the Top 100 Sexiest Asian Men in a poll conducted by Eastern Eye in 2017.
The 1928–29 season was Arsenal's 10th consecutive season in the top division of English football.
Lytta lecontei is a species of blister beetle in the family Meloidae. It is found in Central America and North America.
Nanortut Island is an island located within Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is situated at an elevation of 41 m (135 ft) above sea level.Other islands in the vicinity include Anchor Island, Douglas Island, Duke of York Archipelago, Haodlon Island, Kingak Island, Hatoayok Island, Hokagon Island, Ivonayak Island, Kabviukvik Island, Mangak Island, and Nanukton Island. The community of Kugkluktuk (formerly Coppermine) is located on the mainland, 92.7 km (57.6 mi) to the south.
Gurupi, Tocantins is a city and a municipality in the Brazilian state of Tocantins. The estimated population was 87,545 inhabitants in 2020, the third-largest in the state, and the total area of the municipality was 1,836 kmª. The elevation is around 287 meters in the city.
Antonina: A Byzantine Slut is a novel or fictionalized biography published in 2012 by the author Paul Kastenellos.
Gerard Francis Cobb (Nettlestead, Kent, 15 October 1838 – 31 March 1904) was Junior Bursar of Trinity College, Cambridge. He was active as an Anglican layman, organist and amateur composer.
Malice (German: Der Mann aus dem Jenseits) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Manfred Noa and starring Paul Wegener, Olga Tschechowa and Anton Pointner.The film's art direction was by Artur Günther.
Srikrishna Haldankar (1927 – 17 November 2016), better known as Babanrao Haldankar, was an Indian classical singer, composer, and music teacher of Agra gharana of Hindustani classical music.
The men's high jump at the 1934 European Athletics Championships was held in Turin, Italy, at the  Stadio Benito Mussolini on 7 September 1934.
Quamichan Lake (Raven Field) Airport (TC LID: CML2) is located 2.7 nautical miles (5.0 km; 3.1 mi) north northeast of Duncan, adjacent to Quamichan Lake, British Columbia, Canada.
The airfield is owned and operated by John Howroyd, who also owns Quamichan Lake (Raven Field) Water Aerodrome.
The airfield uses runway 16 for departures, and runway 34 for landings.
Otto Nagel (23 February 1889 – 2 September 1947) was a Danish wrestler. He competed in the light heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
The 16th Maine Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was particularly noted for its service during the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg.
Cloud 9 The EP is the first extended play (EP) by recording artist Tinchy Stryder, and his fourth solo release to date. It was released on 31 March 2008 by Takeover Entertainment exclusively to iTunes UK store and U.S. store on 29 May 2011. Its cover art is a dark painting taken during the Star in the Hood promo shoot. The track, "Sorry, You Are?", featuring Chipmunk, from Stryder's 2007 debut studio album Star in the Hood, was included on the EP as track #2.
The Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament is the conference championship tournament in baseball for the NCAA Division I Big Ten Conference.  The winner of the tournament receives the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
Horatio Rodman Rogers (December 12, 1900 – October 24, 1958) was an American attorney, soldier, and academic. While serving in an armored unit under George S. Patton in World War I, he received the Distinguished Service Cross for gallantry. Later, he attended the Harvard Law School and rejoined the Army in World War II as executive to the Provost Marshal General. In 1947, he was appointed the first male dean of the Washington College of Law in Washington, D.C. and oversaw its incorporation by American University in 1949.
Bath Township is one of the nine townships of Summit County, Ohio, United States.  The 2000 census found 9,635 people in the township, a suburb of Akron.
Dixon's Ferry was the former name for Dixon, Illinois, United States. It was located on the bank of the Rock River near present-day Illinois Route 26. John Dixon operated a rope ferry service to transport mail from Peoria to Galena, and he also established the first post office. The surrounding settlement was known as Dixon's Ferry.There was a fort named Fort Dixon by the town which served as the town's protection during the Black Hawk War.
Labdia chalcoplecta is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
Aguaje Draw is a valley and a tributary stream of the Little Colorado River in Apache County, Arizona and Valencia County, New Mexico.  The mouth of Aguaje Draw is located at its confluence with Carrizo Wash, a tributary of the Little Colorado River, at an elevation of 5,741 feet / 1,750 meters in Apache County, Arizona.  Its source is located at 34°43′08″N 108°58′26″W at an elevation of 6,759 feet / 2,232 meters, in Valencia County, New Mexico.
Lawrence Edward Schofield (2 December 1908 – 14 June 1969) was an Australian politician.
He was born at Tamworth to grocer William Edward Schofield and Madeline Bizant. He attended the local Dominican convent until 1939, when he became a mill operator at Mayfield. On 6 June 1931 he married Ilma Scott, with whom he had two children. In 1948 he joined the Labor Party, serving on the central executive from 1957 to 1958 and from 1961 to 1967; he was also the Newcastle secretary of the Federated Ironworkers' Association from 1949 to 1967. From 1967 to 1969 he was a Labor member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. Schofield died at Merewether in 1969.
Cream cheese is a soft, usually mild-tasting fresh cheese made from milk and cream. Stabilizers such as carob bean gum and carrageenan are often added in industrial production.The U.S. Food and Drug Administration defines cream cheese as containing at least 33% milk fat with a moisture content of not more than 55%, and a pH range of 4.4 to 4.9. Similarly, under Canadian Food and Drug Regulations cream cheese must contain at least 30% milk fat and a maximum of 55% moisture. In other countries, it is defined differently and may need a considerably higher fat content.Cream cheese is not naturally matured and is meant to be consumed fresh, so it differs from other soft cheeses such as Brie and Neufchâtel. It is more comparable in taste, texture, and production methods to Boursin and mascarpone.
Silky dogwood is a common name for two species of shrubs, formerly treated as a single species:
Cornus amomum, a more southerly species found in the eastern U.S.
Cornus obliqua, a more northerly species found in the eastern U.S. and Canada
The 1917 State of the Union Address was given by Woodrow Wilson, the 28th president of the United States on Tuesday, December 4, 1917, during his turbulent second term.  He spoke in the United States House of Representatives chamber, in the United States Capitol. He said, "I shall not go back to debate the causes of the war. The intolerable wrongs done and planned against us by the sinister masters of Germany have long since become too grossly obvious and odious to every true American to need to be rehearsed."  He addressed the 65th United States Congress, and spoke of World War I. He ended with, "A supreme moment of history has come. The eyes of the people have been opened and they see. The hand of God is laid upon the nations. He will show them favor, I devoutly believe, only if they rise to the clear heights of His own justice and mercy."  In the middle of the speech, he said this about the German Empire, "The worst that can happen to the detriment the German people is this, that if they should still, after the war is over, continue to be obliged to live under ambitious and intriguing masters interested to disturb the peace of the world, men or classes of men whom the other peoples of the world could not trust, it might be impossible to admit them to the partnership of nations which must henceforth guarantee the world's peace."  He is saying that empires' do not promote world peace.  A year after he gave this speech, on December 4, 1918, the United States military would swallow Germany in victory, and the saying that is written would come true, "Death has been swallowed up in victory."
WZFE-LP (97.9 FM, Radio FE) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Moca, Puerto Rico, the station serves the western Puerto Rico area. The station is currently owned by Concilio de Iglesias Rios de Vida.
Coenosia atrata is a species of fly in the family Muscidae.
Aea or Aia (Ancient Greek: Αἶα) or Aeaea or Aiaia (Αἰαία) was a town in Malis in ancient Thessaly. It was mentioned by Sophocles. It was presumably a harbour town, and its site has not been located.
Karl Wolfgang Schweizer  is a historian specialising in eighteenth century European history.
Labrisomus cricota, the Mock blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea where it occurs on rocky bottoms with plentiful algal growth at depths down to 4 metres (13 ft).  It is believed that the territorial males keep harems of females.  Males of this species can reach a length of 9.3 centimetres (3.7 in) SL while females can attain a length of 10.3 centimetres (4.1 in).  This is a species sought after by local subsistence fisheries.
Kousei Yagi (八木 光生, Yagi Kōsei, born February 13, 1930 in Hyōgo, Japan) is a Japanese voice actor affiliated with 81 Produce.
Fishermans Airfield (also known as Daugo Island Airfield) is a former World War II airfield near Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. It was part of a multiple-airfield complex in the Port Moresby area, located offshore of Port Moresby. The island's name is derived from the names of the island's two villages - Dag (on the western tip) and Ugo (eastern tip). It is also known as Fisherman's Island.
The airfield on the island was built by the RAAF c. 1944 as an emergency airfield. It was abandoned and has been disused since the war.
Alberto Morillas (born 1950) is a Spanish perfumer. He is a master perfumer at Swiss fragrance and flavor firm Firmenich, where his notable creations have included Calvin Klein CK One, Giorgio Armani Acqua di Giò, SKINN and Marc Jacobs Daisy. He has an independent line called Mizensir.
Kustovoye (Russian: Кустовое) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Kustovskoye Rural Settlement, Yakovlevsky District, Belgorod Oblast, Russia. The population was 1,679 as of 2010. There are 8 streets.
This is a list of kawaii metal musical groups. Kawaii metal is a musical genre that blends elements of heavy metal and J-pop that was pioneered in Japan in the early 2010s. Inclusion to this list is based on reliable sources and the musical acts themselves do not necessarily self-identify as such, and some of these groups are also categorized into other rock and metal subgenres.
Kirsty Pealling (born 14 April 1975) is a former footballer who spent her entire club career with Arsenal Ladies. She also represented England at full international level.
The 1922–23 Connecticut Aggies men's basketball team represented Connecticut Agricultural College, now the University of Connecticut, in the 1922–23 collegiate men's basketball season. The Aggies completed the season with an 8–7 overall record. The Aggies were members of the Athletic League of New England State Colleges, where they ended the season with a 2–1 record. The Aggies played their home games at Hawley Armory in Storrs, Connecticut, and were led by second-year head coach J. Wilder Tasker and first-year head coach Roy J. Guyer.
Hastings Aerodrome (ICAO: NZHS) is a small airport located in Hastings, Hawke's Bay, New Zealand. It is sometimes referred to as Bridge Pa Aerodrome. It is owned and operated by the Hawke's Bay & East Coast Aero Club Inc.The airport is situated on the Heretaunga Plains and there are two eighteen hole golf courses adjacent to it. The settlement of Bridge Pa is located close by. The aerodrome is located eight kilometres west of the Hastings central business district.
Scheduled airline services in and out of Hawke's Bay are generally handled at the larger nearby Hawke's Bay Airport located in Napier.
The Kansas City Chiefs have completed 61 seasons in professional American football and 51 with the National Football League (NFL). This article documents the season-by-season records of the Chiefs franchise from 1960 to the conclusion of their most recent season in 2020, including postseason records, and league awards for individual players or head coaches.
The team began play as a charter member of the American Football League (AFL) in 1960 as the Dallas Texans. In 1963, the team relocated to Kansas City, Missouri and was renamed the Kansas City Chiefs. The team has played in 949 total games in a total of 62 seasons, and a winning percentage of .541. The Chiefs' 14–2 season in 2020 remains their best regular season record to date while their 2–14 records in 2008 and 2012 remain their worst.
The Texans/Chiefs were the winningest team in the history of the AFL, compiling an 87–48 record from 1960 to 1969. The team won three league championships and served as the AFL's representative in Super Bowls I and IV in the 1966 and 1969 seasons. Since the franchise's alignment to the NFL in 1970, they have won ten division titles, with five straight from 2016 to 2020, and eight wild card playoff berths, four of which were between 1990 and 1997 when the team never lost as many games as it won. Despite the franchise's early success, the Chiefs did not win a postseason game between the 1993 and 2015 playoffs, and their victory on January 11, 1970 was the franchise's lone Super Bowl title until February 2, 2020. It was also a long drought between AFC Championship games, with their appearance in the 2018 playoffs being their first since 1993. The Chiefs' first home AFC Championship game ended in an overtime defeat as the New England Patriots moved on to win a record-tying sixth Super Bowl ring.
The Chiefs have suffered two main periods of failure. Between 1972 and 1985 the Chiefs never appeared in the postseason and achieved only one winning season (in 1981) from 1974 until 1985. Between 2007 and 2012, the Chiefs also struggled, with two two-win and two four-win seasons. However, the recent Chiefs have done much better, with an 112–49 record (including postseason) and recording more wins than losses every year from the 2013 to 2021 seasons. In their eight seasons under Andy Reid, the Chiefs have six consecutive playoff seasons, and five consecutive division titles, with the team ultimately winning Super Bowl LIV for its first championship in 50 years. The Chiefs returned to Super Bowl LV the next year, but fell to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, ending their bid at a repeat.
Yolanda of Courtenay (c. 1200 – June 1233), was a Queen of Hungary as the second wife of King Andrew II of Hungary.
Yolanda was the daughter of Count Peter II of Courtenay and his second wife, Yolanda of Flanders, the sister of Baldwin I and Henry I, the Emperors of Constantinople. Her marriage with King Andrew II, whose first wife, Gertrude had been murdered by conspirators on 24 September 1213, was arranged by her uncle, the Emperor Henry I.
Their marriage was celebrated in February 1215 in Székesfehérvár and John, Archbishop of Esztergom crowned her queen consort. However, Bishop Robert of Veszprém sent a complaint to Pope Innocent III, because the coronation of the queens consort in Hungary had been traditionally the privilege of his see. The Pope sent a legate to Hungary in order to investigate the complaint and confirmed the privilege of the See of Veszprém.
Following her uncle's death on 11 July 1216, her husband was planning to acquire the imperial crown for himself, but the barons of the Latin Empire proclaimed her father emperor, instead.
Yolanda maintained good relations with her husband's children from his first marriage. Her husband survived her. She was buried in the Egres Abbey of the White Monks.
Gilbert E. Purple House, also known as Northern Tioga Telephone Company building, is a historic home located at Newark Valley in Tioga County, New York. It was built in 1903 and purchased by Gilbert Purple in 1911, who expanded it to its present form in 1913.  It is a modest 2+1⁄2-story Queen Anne style wood-frame building on a stone and concrete foundation.  A large 2-story addition was completed about 1930 for use by the telephone company.  By the mid-20th century, the building served dual purpose as residence and offices of the Northern Tioga Telephone Company, a small, independent local telephone company.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
The Allegretto for Piano Trio, WoO 39, in B-flat major is a composition for piano trio by Ludwig van Beethoven that was composed in 1812 as a gift for Maximiliane Brentano, the then ten-year-old daughter of his friend Antonie Brentano. Eight years later he also dedicated the Piano Sonata Op. 109 to Maximiliane. The composition was first published in 1830 by F. P. Dunst in Frankfurt, along with the Piano Trio in E-flat major, WoO 38, and the Piano Sonata in C major, WoO 51.
Star Trek: Vanguard is a series of Star Trek tie-in fiction novels set during the 2260s, or the time period concurrent with Star Trek: The Original Series. The series is written by Kevin Dilmore, David Mack, and Dayton Ward.
Distant Early Warning (2006), a Star Trek: Corps of Engineers novella by Dayton Ward and Kevin Dilmore, is a prequel to Vanguard, introducing the setting and several characters. Star Trek: Seekers (2014–15), also written by Dilmore, Mack, and Ward, is sequel series.
Thovalai is a small village located in Kanyakumari, Tamil Nadu, India. The area is well known in India for its production of flowers, especially jasmine. The taluk was among several in Thiruvananthapuram district that with the passage of the States Reorganisation Act of 1956 were transferred from Thiruvananthapuram district, Travancore-Cochin State to the newly created Kanyakumari district of Madras State (the latter later renamed as Tamil Nadu State).
Daniel Matthias Kaiser (born 3 May 2000) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a defender for Cavalry FC in the Canadian Premier League and also for the UBC Thunderbirds.
Frederick Snowdon Corrance (1822 – 31 October 1906) was an English Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1867 to 1874.
Corrance was the son of Frederick White of Parham Hall, Suffolk, and his wife Frances Woodley. His father assumed the name of Corrance in 1837. He was educated at Harrow School and at Trinity College, Cambridge. In April 1842, he joined the army as cornet in the 11th Hussars and retired in 1844. He was a Deputy Lieutenant and J.P. for Suffolk.Corrance was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for East Suffolk at a by-election in 1867. He held the seat until 1874.Corrance lived at Parham Hall and died at the age of 84.
Corrance married Frances Maria du Cane, daughter of Captain Du Cane RN of Braxted Park, Essex, in 1860. They had one child Charles Frederick Corrance born 14 September 1862, who died on 5 September 1876, aged thirteen.
The Villa Bethania was constructed in the French village of Rennes-le-Château between 1901 and 1905 as part of the former estate of the Abbé Bérenger Saunière, in the name of his maidservant Marie Dénarnaud.
Galina Kamaeva (Russian: Галина Камаева; born 1939) is a Soviet swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships, where she swam the butterfly leg.Between 1956 and 1959 she won several national titles in butterfly, backstroke and medley events. In the 2000s, she competed in the masters category and won 15 national titles, setting four national records.She was born in Volgograd but then moved to Chernyakhovsk. After marriage, she changed her last name to Egorova (Russian: Егорова).
Gruta da Morena (MG-0270) is a limestone cave, considered the third largest cave in Minas Gerais, 15 km from Cordisburgo, Brazil. Reaching 4620 meters long, it presents five entrances, various halls and a stream. It is close to the road of Povoado do Onça, 6 km from the city. To get to the cave, it is first necessary to go through a trail. This specific cave has been very recently included in the area of influence of Gruta de Maquiné, once a new species of arachnid has also been found inside the cave, being it the third troglobitic species of Brazilian Palpigradi found in this cave and of characteristic very similar to the previous species Eukoenenia maquinenses.
Chimalpopoca is identified by some sources as a son of the Tlatoani Moctezuma II, not be confused with an earlier Aztec ruler of the same name.  According to some authors he was taken out of Tenochtitlan as a prisoner with other noble men by the Spaniards during the Noche Triste, when he was killed being struck with a bolt from a crossbow. : 87 
Bangalaia ocellata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Lameere in 1893, originally under the genus Anybostetha. It is known from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Cameroon, and the Ivory Coast.
Marcellus Graeme Boss (January 21, 1901 – March 21, 1967) was an interim Governor of Guam from November 14, 1959, until his resignation on August 22, 1960.Boss first entered Guamanian administration with a 1957 appointment by President Dwight D. Eisenhower to the post of Secretary of Guam. He also served as a Republican member of the Kansas State Senate prior to becoming involved in the government of Guam. He was city clerk and city attorney of Kiowa, Kansas, and had a thirty-year law career in Columbus, Kansas. He died of a heart attack on March 21, 1967, and was buried at the City Cemetery in Columbus, Kansas.
Northanger Abbey is a 2007 British television film adaptation of Jane Austen's 1817 novel of the same name. It was directed by British television director Jon Jones and the screenplay was written by Andrew Davies. Felicity Jones stars as the protagonist Catherine Morland and JJ Feild plays her love interest Henry Tilney. The story unfolds as the teenaged Catherine is invited to Bath to accompany some family friends. There she finds herself the object of Henry Tilney's and John Thorpe's (William Beck) affections. When she is asked to stay at Northanger Abbey, Catherine's youthful and naive imagination takes hold and she begins to confuse real life with the Gothic romance of her favourite novels.
Northanger Abbey was one of three novels adapted for ITV's Jane Austen season. It was shot on location in Ireland from late August 2006 on a budget of £2 million. The drama was co-produced by Granada Productions and American studio WGBH Boston. Northanger Abbey premiered on 25 March 2007 in the United Kingdom and on 16 December 2007 in Canada. It was broadcast in the United States and Australia in 2008. The drama was viewed by 5.6 million people in the UK, making it the second most watched of the 2007 adaptations. Northanger Abbey garnered mostly positive reviews from television critics, with many praising the cast's performances.
Seonsan, or Seonsan-eup, is an eup or large village in Gumi City, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea.  It has a population of around 20,000 people, and an area of 69 km².  There are several historical landmarks in Seonsan, including two Joseon Dynasty schools:  Geumo Seowon and the Seonsan hyanggyo.  In addition, South Korean national treasure number 130, the five-storied pagoda of Jukjang-dong, is located there.
Margery Beddingfield (also known as Margaret Beddingfield) (1742–1763) was a British woman convicted and burnt for murder in 1763.
Education for Greek people was vastly "democratized" in the 5th century B.C., influenced by the Sophists, Plato, and Isocrates. Later, in the Hellenistic period of Ancient Greece, education in a gymnasium school was considered essential for participation in Greek culture. The value of physical education to the ancient Greeks and  Romans has been historically unique. There were two forms of education in ancient Greece: formal and informal. Formal education was attained through attendance to a public school or was provided by a hired tutor.  Informal education was provided by an unpaid teacher and occurred in a non-public setting. Education was an essential component of a person's identity.
Formal Greek education was primarily for males and non-slaves. In some poleis, laws were passed to prohibit the education of slaves. The Spartans also taught music and dance, but with the purpose of enhancing their maneuverability as soldiers.
Faye Elaine Marsay (born 30 December 1986) is an English actress. Her notable roles include Anne Neville in The White Queen, Amy in Need for Speed, the recurring character Candice in Fresh Meat, Steph in the film Pride, Blue Colson in the Black Mirror episode "Hated in the Nation", and the Waif in the fifth and sixth seasons of Game of Thrones.
Ooperipatus nebulosus is a species of velvet worm in the Peripatopsidae family. It is found in Victoria, Australia.
Thomas Ridgeway Dey (born April 14, 1965) is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer. His credits include Shanghai Noon, Showtime, Failure to Launch, and Marmaduke.
Yaodu District (simplified Chinese: 尧都区; traditional Chinese: 堯都區; pinyin: Yáodū Qū) is the sole district of the city of Linfen, Shanxi Province, China. Yaodu spans 1,307 square kilometers in area, and has a population of 944,050 as of 2010. The district serves at the administrative center for Linfen.
Jimmy and the Boys were an Australian shock rock and new wave band, active from 1976 to 1982.
They pioneered the use of shock theatrics in Australia with an act that revolved around vocalist and contortionist Ignatius Jones and keyboard player Joylene Thornbird Hairmouth. The group recorded two studio albums, Not Like Everybody Else (November 1979) and Teddy Boys Picnic (July 1981). In May 1981 they scored their only Australian top 10 single with "They Won't Let My Girlfriend Talk to Me". In 1982, shortly after issuing their live album In Hell with Your Mother, they disbanded.
Australian rock music journalist, Jenny Hunter-Brown, described Jimmy and the Boys as a "high voltage package of filth, glorious filth". According to rock music historian, Ian McFarlane, their performances "mixed S&M trappings, sex shop props, mock rape and other depravities with sub-Zappaesque humour, hard rock, jazz, reggae and disco" and at the end of the 1970s they were "one of the most popular live acts on the Australian scene".
John Charles "Jack" Simmons (October 8, 1924 – September 17, 1978) was a professional American football offensive lineman who played for eight seasons in the National Football League.
Jamie Ramsay is a British long distance runner, who ran 17,000 kilometres (11,000 mi) from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, to Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 600 days.
Herb Jackson (born August 18, 1945) is an artist and Douglas Houchens Professor of Fine Arts and Professor of Art Emeritus at Davidson College. He retired from teaching in 2011. In 1999 he was awarded the North Carolina Award, the highest civilian honor in the state, by Governor Jim Hunt of North Carolina. In 2015 Jackson was awarded the North Caroliniana Society Award for extraordinary contributions to North Carolina's cultural heritage.
Kappa Chamaeleonitis, Latinized from κ Chamaeleonitis, is a single star in the southern constellation of Chamaeleon. It is visible to the naked eye as a dim, orange-hued star with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.024. The distance to this object is approximately 490 light-years, based on the star's parallax. It is drifting closer with a radial velocity of -2 km/s.This is an aging K-type giant star with a stellar classification of K4III, having exhausted the supply of hydrogen at its core then cooled and expanded to its current size of 46 times the Sun's radius. It is a candidate periodic microvariable, with its brightness fluctuating by 0.005 magnitude at the rate of 0.25664 cycles per day. The star is 1.4 times as massive as the Sun and is radiating 486 times the Sun's luminosity from its enlarged photosphere at an effective temperature of 3,990 K.
Ilanga furtiva is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.
Kató Bárczy  (Opatija, Yugoslavia 24 January 1921 – Budapest, Hungary 20 June 1989) was a Hungarian actress, and the wife of the actor Sándor Szabó.
The Things You See is a collaborative studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth and pianist Gordon Beck, released in 1980 through JMS–Cream Records. Both The Things You See and Beck's 1979 album Sunbird were reissued together as a compilation in 1989 (with the omission of "Flight" from Sunbird) and again in 1994 (including "Flight"). Holdsworth and Beck would later collaborate again on With a Heart in My Song in 1988.
The album's title was explained by Holdsworth on his 1992 instructional video: "The title for this tune came from me kind of... falling out of a pub one night back in England. There was this old guy walking down the street, and I guess he must have seen all of us hooligans coming out of the pub. He just looked at us and said, 'Boy, the things you see when you haven't got your gun!'""At the Edge" also features a rare instance of Holdsworth singing; the song would later be revamped and renamed "The Things You See (When You Haven't Got Your Gun)" on his 1982 album I.O.U., with Paul Williams on vocals.
Cirse is an Argentine pop punk band from Adrogué, Buenos Aires. Before disbanding, the group consisted of vocalist Luciana Segovia, guitarists Gabriel Leopardi and Christian Bonelli, bassist Sebastián "Ziva" Leopardi and drummer Martin "Tato" Magliano.
Since today the band released five full-length-albums, two EPs and eight music videos. Cirse toured extensively through Argentina, played at Pepsi Music Festival in 2011 and 2012 and played with bands like Duran Duran, Paramore, Avril Lavigne, Evanescence, Carajo and DENY.
Ronnie Scribner (born July 23, 1966) is an American former actor.  Beginning his career as a professional child actor and model at the age of 11, Scribner is perhaps best known for his role as the child vampire Ralphie Glick in the 1979 CBS mini-series Salem's Lot. Rising to prominence among teenage audiences as an adolescent, he is also known for his multiple guest-starring roles throughout the late 1970s and early 1980s on such television series as the ABC Afterschool Special, Little House on the Prairie, The Love Boat, Fantasy Island, CHiPs, and Dallas, among others.
The San Antonio–San Diego Mail Line, also known as the Jackass Mail, was the earliest overland stagecoach and mail operation from the Eastern United States to California in operation between 1857 and 1861. It was created, organized and financed by James E. Birch the head of the California Stage Company. Birch was awarded the first contract for overland service on the "Southern Route", designated Route 8076. This contract required a semi-monthly service in four-horse coaches, scheduled to leave San Antonio and San Diego on the ninth and the 24th of each month, with 30 days allowed for each trip.
Myrmex chisosensis is a species of antlike weevil in the beetle family Curculionidae. It is found in North America.
Pierre Zaccone (2 April 1817 – 12 April 1895) was a popular 19th-century French novelist.
He owned a castle which is now named after him in Locquirec, a small Breton seaside resort located on the border of Finistère and Cotes d'Armor.
He wrote serialized novels, including several detective novels. He authored some dramas in collaboration, including Le cousin Verdure, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act by Saint-Yves in 1855 and one after his novel, Les Nuits du boulevard, in 1880. After 1870, much of his work was published by Édouard Dentu.
A nuisance ordinance, also referred to as a crime-free ordinance or a disorderly house ordinance, is a local law usually passed on the town, city, or municipality level of government that aims to legally punish both landlords and tenants for crimes that occur on a property or in a neighborhood. These laws impose penalties under programs referred to as nuisance abatement when crimes are reported, regardless of whether crimes actually occurred or what the police action entailed. The result of these ordinances is for landlords to tell tenants to not report crimes, refuse to renew the lease of anyone involved in reporting a crime, and eviction of tenants involved in any crimes, even if the tenants were the victims of said crimes. 
According to the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), while supporters of these ordinances argue that they prevent criminal activities in the areas under the ordinances, the actual result is instead a reduction in overall public safety and harm brought to victims of crime, particularly those suffering from domestic abuse, that are deterred from reporting the criminal activity committed against them. These ordinances have also been found to be disproportionately applied to people of color and communities that have a high minority population in general.
Carlo degli Ariosti (died 1532) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Acerra (1527–1532).
Charles Joseph Henry Corbett, BCL (1853 – 20 November 1935) was a British Liberal Party politician in the radical tradition who was part of a prominent family who supported women's rights.
Rochusplatz is an underground station on the Cologne Stadtbahn lines 3 and 4 in Cologne. The station is located on Venloer Straße at its intersection with Äußere Kanalstraße in the district of Ehrenfeld.
The station was opened in 1992 and consists of a mezzanine and one island platform with two rail tracks.
The station was renamed on 15 December 2019 from Äußere Kanalstraße to Rochusplatz.
The Battle of Nietjärvi (15–17 July 1944) was part of the Continuation War between Finland and the Soviet Union, which occurred during World War II. The battle ended in a Finnish victory.
Betsy Morrell Bryan (born 1949) is an American Egyptologist who is leading a team that is excavating the Precinct of Mut complex in Karnak, at Luxor in Upper Egypt.
She is Alexander Badawy Professor of Egyptian Art and Archaeology, and Near Eastern Studies Professor at Johns Hopkins University.
Her work has included research and writing about Thutmose IV and Amenhotep III, and on an Egyptian drinking festival.
Minton's Playhouse is a jazz club and bar located on the first floor of the Cecil Hotel at 210 West 118th Street in Harlem, Manhattan, New York City. It is a registered trademark of Housing and Services, Inc. a New York City nonprofit provider of supportive housing. The door to the actual club itself is at 206 West 118th Street where there is a small plaque. Minton's was founded by tenor saxophonist Henry Minton in 1938. Minton's is known for its role in the development of modern jazz, also known as bebop, where in its jam sessions in the early 1940s, Thelonious Monk, Bud Powell, Kenny Clarke, Charlie Christian, Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie pioneered the new music. Minton's thrived for three decades until its decline near the end of the 1960s, and its eventual closure in 1974. After being shuttered for more than 30 years, the newly remodeled club reopened its doors on May 19, 2006, under the name Uptown Lounge at Minton's Playhouse. However, the reopened club was closed again in 2010. Remodeling began again in 2012.
Neptunomonas naphthovorans is a species of bacteria. It is notable for utilising naphthalene as a sole carbon and energy source. Its type strain is NAG-2N-126.
Canby High School is a public high school located in Canby, Oregon, United States.
Jennifer Beech is a Canadian television host. In the early 1990s she appeared on YTV as "PJ Jenn."  She left YTV in 1994 to become the host of BBS Master Control which consisted of a line-up of children's programming from Walt Disney Animation Studios.  She held that position until 1997 when she left to work on OLN.
Beech studied theatre at the University of Guelph, intending to get into public relations, event marketing, or sports promotion.In 1992, YTV was looking to cast new PJs, the channel's term for Programming Jockeys, meant to parallel the Video Jockeys (VJs) of MuchMusic. Beech wasn't interested, but her mother encouraged her to audition, teaching her four guitar chords, and popular Victorian song "Star of the Evening". At YTV, she notes that she learned not only hosting skills, but all the elements dealt with by television crews, from lighting to production. PJ Jen was co-host of The Zone with PJ Phil, albeit appearing infrequently. Primarily, she was host of weekend morning programming.
Beech moved to the Baton Broadcasting System's then unnamed and conceptless children's programming block in 1995, feeling she had professionally grown as much was possible at YTV. Executives Ivan Fecan and Suzanne Steves were listed as behind her hiring. The program, eventually named Master Control, featured Jenn between Disney-produced television programs, and out in the Greater Toronto Area in taped segments. In fall 1996, Beech launched a show called Road Crew, aired late in the Saturday lineup. The series was an outdoor adventure series for pre-teens. When appearing at the CNE in 1996, she was still referred as PJ Jenn Beech.In 1997, Beech left the program to work at OLN; her hosting duties were taken over by former child actress Melyssa Ade.
Her parents are singer Sandra Beech and advertising executive Len Beech, and her uncles are Will and George Millar of The Irish Rovers.
The IFP School (French: ENSPM - École Nationale Supérieure du Pétrole et des Moteurs) is a graduate engineering school located in Rueil-Malmaison, France. Founded in 1954, IFP School is part of the IFP Energies nouvelles (IFPEN), a French public-sector research and training center. The school graduates approximately 600 students per year in 20 graduate programs (10 in English), employing 40 regular professors and 350 instructors from industry.
"Schrei nach Liebe" ("Cry for Love") is a punk rock song by German band Die Ärzte. It is the second track and the first single from their 1993 album Die Bestie in Menschengestalt. It is one of the best known political anthems and anti-fascist songs in Germany and was made in the context of the Hoyerswerda riots.
Kethel en Spaland is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. It was located to the north of the city of Schiedam, and covered the village of Kethel and the hamlet Kandelaar.
Kethel en Spaland was a separate municipality until 1941, when it merged with Schiedam.The municipality had a population of 1,450 in 1868 and within the historical limits currently live 15,260 people. The former municipal flag consists of a horizontal tricolor, orange-black-orange, at a 2:1:2 ratio. The flag was designed after the coat of arms, depicting a black cauldron.
Sabine Eichenberger (born 25 September 1968) is a Swiss sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1990s. She won a silver medal in the K-4 500 m event at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
Brandon Plaza Hernandéz (born 22 October 1996) is a Mexican taekwondo athlete. He won the gold medal at the 2018 Pan Am Taekwondo Championships.
Palms Place is a 47-story condo hotel in Paradise, Nevada, near the Las Vegas Strip. It is connected to the Palms Casino Resort. The project was announced in March 2005, to capitalize on a condominium boom occurring in Las Vegas at the time. Groundbreaking took place in May 2006, and the tower was topped off in August 2007. Palms Place opened in 2008, during the Great Recession, and some buyers had difficulty completing their unit purchases because of poor economic conditions.
Samuel Torrey Orton (October 15, 1879 – November 17, 1948) was an American physician who pioneered the study of learning disabilities. He examined the causes and treatment of dyslexia.
Troparyovo (Russian: Тропарёво) is a station on the south-western part of the Moscow Metro's  Sokolnicheskaya Line. It opened on 8 December 2014 and served as the line terminus until 18 January 2016. It comes next after Yugo-Zapadnaya, the previous terminus of the line until 2014. Two stations beyond Troparyovo, Rumyantsevo and Salaryevo were opened in 2016.
Irving Wayne Hardin (March 23, 1926 – April 12, 2017) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the United States Naval Academy from 1959 to 1964 and at Temple University from 1970 to 1982, compiling a career college football record of 118–74–5. Hardin led Navy to appearances in the 1961 Orange Bowl and the 1964 Cotton Bowl Classic, and coached two Midshipmen to the Heisman Trophy, Joe Bellino in 1960 and Roger Staubach in 1963.
After leaving Navy, Hardin coached the Philadelphia Bulldogs of the Continental Football League, leading the team to a championship in 1966. Hardin was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 2013.
(Urdu: رتنا آباد ریلوے اسٹیشن) is  located in  Pakistan.
Atrapsalta is a genus of cicadas belonging to the family Cicadidae.The species of this genus are found in Australia.
Timlilt is a town and rural commune in Chichaoua Province of the Marrakech-Tensift-Al Haouz region of Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 7186 people living in 1153 households.
Jan Einar Greve (11 May 1933 – 12 January 2022) was a Norwegian lawyer.
Jamugurihat is a town and a town area committee in Sonitpur district, in the Indian state of Assam. This is a newly planned city area by the Urban Development Authority of Assam. The town is located north of the Brahmaputra River. It is the location of the 200-year-old Baresahariya Bhaona festival.
George J. Jenkins (unknown–February 15, 2002) was a politician in the province of New Brunswick, Canada He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick in 1991 and did not run for re-election.
Takemitsuzamurai or Takemitsu Zamurai (竹光侍, lit. '"Bamboo Sword Samurai"') is a Japanese historical samurai manga series written by Issei Eifuku and illustrated by Taiyō Matsumoto. It was published in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits seinen manga magazine, with its chapters collected in eight wideban volumes.
Karl Tunberg  (March 11, 1907 − April 3, 1992) was an American screenwriter and occasional film producer. His screenplays for Tall, Dark and Handsome (1941) and Ben-Hur (1959) were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and Best Adapted Screenplay, respectively.
Amaiur-Maya (Basque: Amaiur; Spanish: Maya de Baztán; officially:  Amaiur-Maya) is a village in the municipality of Baztan in the autonomous region of Navarre in Spain. It is situated in the Pyrenees mountain range close to the border with France.
Azmanite is a village in Tryavna Municipality, in Gabrovo Province, in northern central Bulgaria.
The large grey babbler (Argya malcolmi) is a member of the family Leiothrichidae found across India and far western Nepal. They are locally common in the scrub, open forest and gardenland. They are usually seen in small groups and are easily distinguished from other babblers in the region by their nasal call and the whitish outer feathers to their long tail. It is one of the largest babblers in the region.
Ulrika "Ulla" Eleonora von Höpken, later von Wright, née von Fersen (24 March 1749 – 17 September 1810), was a Swedish countess and courtier. She is also famous in history as one of "the three graces" of the Gustavian age; three ladies-in-waiting (Augusta von Fersen, Ulla von Höpken and Louise Meijerfeldt) immortalized in the poem Gracernas döpelse by Johan Henric Kellgren. She was a leading socialite and trendsetter in contemporary Sweden, and one of the best known personalities of the Gustavian age.
Franz Joseph (born Franz Anton Joseph Schnaubelt; June 29, 1914 – June 2, 1994) was an artist and author loosely associated with the 1960s American television show Star Trek.
Coleocentrus excitator is a parasitoid wasp in the family Ichneumonidae that parasitizes the long-horned beetle species Ergates faber.
The Battle of Urfa (Turkish: Urfa Muharebesi, French: Le guet-apens d'Ourfa) was an uprising in the spring of 1920 against the French army occupying the city of Urfa (modern Şanlıurfa) by the Turkish National Forces. The French garrison of Urfa held out for two months until it sued for negotiations with the Turks for safe conduct out of the city. However, after the French commander Hauger covertly attempted to contact its British allies in order to buy time, an armed conflict arose which left most of the French forces and an unknown number of Turkish soldiers dead.
Grandes Éxitos is the first greatest hits album recorded by Puerto Rican performer Chayanne. It was released by Sony Music on March 19, 2002 (see 2002 in music). In this album Chayanne featured three new songs, "Torero", "Y Tú Te Vas", and "Quisiera Ser" (as well as remixes of the songs "Salomé" and "Baila Baila", and a re-recorded version of "Fiesta En América"). The album peaked to #1 in Billboard's Hot Latin Albums, becoming his first album to reach #1 in that category, and #199 of the Billboard 200. A video, also titled Grandes éxitos was released in VHS and DVD featuring 13 videos of the singer.
Kushadhwaja (also known as Kushadbhojan), was younger brother of Janaka. Janaka's daughter Sita was wife of Rama, the leading character of Hindu epic Ramayana. Kushadhwaja's two daughters Mandavi and Shrutakirti were married to Rama's younger brothers Bharata and Shatrughna respectively.King Kushadhwaja had his seat in around Rajbiraj, where there is still an old historical temple of Rajdevi Temple with more than thousands year old idol lies of various Hindu Gods and goddesses. Temple along with chinnamasta temple is key temple of Maithali people. Around Rajbiraj also lied shrines dedicated to his daughters  Mandavi and Shrutakirti who were married to Rama's younger brothers.
Kushadhwaja later moved to Sankasya, also known as Sudhanva, after his brother won a war against Sankasya, when Janak was attacked by the ruler of Sankasya. He continued to rule the area  around Rajbiraj to his through key ministers as per local tale.
At the River's Edge, by the rock band Styx is a single-disc version of Arch Allies: Live at Riverport, featuring only the Styx set, and including live versions of the tracks "Everything Is Cool" and "Lorelei" in place of the Jam versions of "Blue Collar Man" and "Roll with the Changes" that Styx performed with REO Speedwagon on that album.
Get Outdoors Georgia, or "GO" Georgia, is an initiative created by the Parks, Recreation and Historic Sites Division of the Georgia Department of Natural Resources to promote family-friendly, nature-based and health-focused activities throughout the state. It addresses the growing epidemic of obesity. and its effect on the health of Georgia citizens.
Georgians' increasingly sedentary lifestyles and disconnection from nature are resulting in alarming health declines and a diminishing conservation ethic. Get Outdoors Georgia encourages citizens to take advantage of the state's diverse natural resources to get fit, lead healthier lives, bond with their families and curb the obesity epidemic.
Sohrab Hura (born 17 October 1981) is an Indian photographer based in New Delhi. He is a full member of Magnum Photos.
Hura's self-published trilogy Sweet Life comprises the books Life is Elsewhere (2015), A Proposition for Departure (2017) and Look It's Getting Sunny Outside!!! (2018); the latter was shortlisted for Photobook of the Year in the  Paris Photo–Aperture Foundation PhotoBook Awards. He has also self-published The Coast (2019) and The Levee (2020). His work has been shown in solo exhibitions in London and in Kolkata, India.
Johannes Berger, O.E.S.A. (died 1481) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Auxiliary Bishop of Freising (1475–1481).
Oloron-Sainte-Marie (French pronunciation: [ɔlɔʁɔ̃ sɛ̃t maʁi] (listen); Occitan: Auloron e Senta Maria; Basque: Oloroe-Donamaria) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department, region of New Aquitaine (formerly Aquitaine), southwestern France.
The 2016 NBA Finals was the championship series of the National Basketball Association's (NBA) 2015–16 season and conclusion of the 2016 playoffs. The Eastern Conference champion Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the defending NBA champion and Western Conference champion Golden State Warriors four games to three in a rematch of the previous year's Finals. The Cavaliers became the fourth team to win the championship after losing the first two games, joining the 1969 Boston Celtics, 1977 Portland Trail Blazers, and 2006 Miami Heat. It was the 14th rematch of the previous NBA Finals in history, and the first Finals since 2008 in which the number one seed in each conference met. It was the second straight rematch in back-to-back years, as the Miami Heat and San Antonio Spurs played each other in 2013 and 2014. Cleveland's LeBron James was named the Finals Most Valuable Player (MVP). James won the Finals MVP award unanimously, receiving all 11 Finals MVP votes.Golden State, who earned home-court advantage by setting the NBA regular season wins record (73–9), jumped to a 2–0 lead in the series while recording the largest combined margin of victory (48) through two games in NBA Finals history. Cleveland returned home and responded with a 120–90 win in Game 3, but the Warriors won Game 4 to take a 3–1 series lead. The Cavaliers won the next three games to become the first team in Finals history to successfully overcome a 3–1 deficit. It also marked the first time since 1978 that Game 7 was won by the road team.
For the first time since 2004, a new scheduling format was instituted for the Finals. In previous years, the Finals were played in a Thursday–Sunday–Tuesday scheme. However, the league changed its scheduling to ensure an extra day off for both teams when traveling between the two cities. This, along with the designated travel day, took place after Games 2, 4, 5, and 6.
The win by the Cavaliers was the first major professional sports championship won by a team based in Cleveland since 1964, and the first-ever championship won by the Cavaliers franchise. NBA Finals MVP winner LeBron James propelled the Cavaliers to the historic comeback, completing an all-time great Finals performance in which he became the first player in NBA history to lead all players in a playoff series in points, rebounds, assists, steals and blocks. At the end of the series, the Cavaliers had a point differential of only 4 points.
The Asia/Oceania Zone was one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 2017.
In the Asia/Oceania Zone there were four different tiers, called groups, in which teams competed against each other to advance to the upper tier. Winners in Group II advanced to the Asia/Oceania Zone Group I. Teams who lost their respective ties competed in the relegation play-offs, with winning teams remaining in Group II, whereas teams who lost their play-offs were relegated to the Asia/Oceania Zone Group III in 2018.
This list contains video games created for the monochrome TRS-80 computers.
The Manus Island spiny rat (Rattus detentus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is endemic to Manus Island in Papua New Guinea, and potentially the neighboring island of Los Negros.It was given its name after the Latin word for "detained" in reference to its isolation on the island and in a show of solidarity to the detainees at the then-open Manus Regional Processing Centre.It is notable for its large size, being larger than any other Rattus found across the Melanesian archipelago, and may be an example of island gigantism. It is thought to be highly divergent member of the Austro-Papuan Rattus radiation and thus no close relatives are known.This species is thought to be threatened by deforestation for logging and agriculture, as well as invasive species such as feral cats. A significant portion of Manus Island has been deforested since the 1990s. However, local residents have claimed that the species is widespread in Manus and also occurs on Los Negros Island, and the localities this species was captured at indicate that it may have some resilience to human impacts. However, the lack of detections of this species in recent surveys indicate that it occurs at low densities and is not universally common; thus it is classified as Data Deficient by the IUCN Red List.
Song Seung-heon (Korean: 송승헌; born October 5, 1976) is a South Korean model and actor. He has acted in various television dramas, notably Autumn in My Heart (2000), East of Eden (2008), My Princess (2011), Black (2017), Player (2018), The Great Show (2019), and Dinner Mate (2020). His latest on-screen appearance was in the fourth season of Voice (2021).
The La Tuna Formation is a geologic formation in the Franklin Mountains of southern New Mexico and western Texas and the Hueco Mountains of western Texas. It preserves fossils dating back to the Bashkirian Age of the early Pennsylvanian.
Candy Reynolds and Paula Smith won in the final 6–2, 6–2 against Iwona Kuczyńska and Trey Lewis.
Richard L. Dale (September 14, 1926 – December 26, 2014) was an American singer and musician, best known as a featured singer and saxophone player on the television variety show The Lawrence Welk Show.
A native of Algona, Iowa, he served in the United States Navy during World War II after graduation from Algona High School. His entertainment career began when he worked for several bands such as Harold Loeffelmacher and his Six Fat Dutchmen polka band. He was discovered by Lawrence Welk in 1951.During his tenure on The Lawrence Welk Show, in addition to playing the saxophone, Dale sang not just solos but also in duets, performed in comedy sketches, dances, and also played Santa Claus for many years on the Christmas shows. Even after the show ended when its host went into retirement in 1982, he continued to perform with his fellow Welk alumni. From 1990 to 1996, he co-owned and operated the Rainbow Music Theater in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee with fellow Welk star Ava Barber.He married his wife, Marguerite, in 1949, and they had four children. After making their home in Sparks, Nevada for several years, the Dales moved back to his Iowa hometown of Algona in 2006. He died there in 2014.
The Philanthropist is a quarterly academic journal devoted to the legal, management and accounting issues facing charitable and not-for-profit organizations in Canada.  It was founded as an occasional publication of the Trusts and Estates Section of the Canadian Bar Association - Ontario (now the Ontario Bar Association) in Toronto, Ontario, Canada in 1972.  Its first Editor was Bertha Wilson, later a judge of the Supreme Court of Canada.  For a time during the 1980s it was an official publication of the Canadian Centre for Philanthropy (now Imagine Canada).  It derives its funding from the Agora Foundation in Toronto.  The Ontario Law Reform Commission's Report on the Law of Charities (1996) called it "informed rather than learned".  Its content is overseen by a volunteer editorial board drawn from the charitable sector, law, accounting and academia.  As of May 2009 the current and archived content is available electronically at no charge.
Karagi (Persian: کرگي, also Romanized as Karagī) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 69, in 14 families.
Tobagoa is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Rubiaceae.Its native range is Panama to Tobago.Species:
In mathematics, the Drinfeld upper half plane is a rigid analytic space analogous to the usual upper half plane for function fields, introduced by Drinfeld (1976). 
It is defined to be P1(C)\P1(F∞), where F is a function field of a curve over a finite field, F∞ its completion at ∞, and C the completion of the algebraic closure of F∞.
The analogy with the usual upper half plane arises from the fact that the global function field F is analogous to the rational numbers Q. Then, F∞ is the real numbers R and the algebraic closure of F∞ is the complex numbers C (which are already complete). Finally, P1(C) is the Riemann sphere, so P1(C)\P1(R) is the upper half plane together with the lower half plane.
Quemú Quemú is a town in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
Human coronavirus HKU1 (HCoV-HKU1) is a species of coronavirus in humans and animals. It causes an upper respiratory disease with symptoms of the common cold, but can advance to pneumonia and bronchiolitis. It was first discovered in January 2004 from one man in Hong Kong.  Subsequent research revealed it has global distribution and earlier genesis.
The virus is an enveloped, positive-sense, single-stranded RNA virus which enters its host cell by binding to the N-acetyl-9-O-acetylneuraminic acid receptor. It has the Hemagglutinin esterase (HE) gene, which distinguishes it as a member of the genus Betacoronavirus and subgenus Embecovirus.
Ladd Glacier is an alpine glacier on the north slope of Mount Hood in the U.S. state of Oregon. It lies at an average elevation of 7,500 feet (2,300 m). The glacier lies entirely within Mount Hood Wilderness.
Between 1907 and 2004, Ladd Glacier lost 37% of its surface area and the glacier terminus retreated 1,190 metres (3,900 ft) over the same time period.
"Haven't Seen It Yet" is a song by American contemporary Christian music singer and songwriter Danny Gokey. It is the lead single from his sixth studio album, of the same name.
Stipa milleana is a species of grass in the family Poaceae.
Socialist law or Soviet law denotes a general type of legal system which has been (and continues to be) used in socialist and formerly socialist states. It is based on the civil law system, with major modifications and additions from Marxist-Leninist ideology. There is controversy as to whether socialist law ever constituted a separate legal system or not. If so, prior to the end of the Cold War, socialist law would be ranked among the major legal systems of the world.
While civil law systems have traditionally put great pains in defining the notion of private property, how it may be acquired, transferred, or lost, socialist law systems provide for most property to be owned by the Government or by agricultural co-operatives, and having special courts and laws for state enterprises.Many scholars argue that socialist law was not a separate legal classification. Although the command economy approach of the communist states meant that most types of property could not be owned, the Soviet Union always had a civil code, courts that interpreted this civil code, and a civil law approach to legal reasoning (thus, both legal process and legal reasoning were largely analogous to the French or German civil code system). Legal systems in all socialist states preserved formal criteria of the Romano-Germanic civil law; for this reason, law theorists in post-socialist states usually consider the socialist law as a particular case of the Romano-Germanic civil law. Cases of development of common law into socialist law are unknown because of incompatibility of basic principles of these two systems (common law presumes influential rule-making role of courts while courts in socialist states play a dependent role).An article published in 2016, however, suggests that socialist law – at least from the perspective of public law and constitutional design – is a useful category.  William Partlett and Eric Ip (in the NYU Journal of International Law and Policy) argue that socialist law helps to understand the "Russo-Leninist transplants" that currently operate in China's socialist law system.  This helps to understand the "distinctive public law institutions and approaches in China that have been ignored by many scholars."
The Brahmeshvara temple, also referred to as the Brahmeshwara or Brahmesvara temple, is a 12th-century Hindu temple with Hoysala architecture in Kikkeri village, Mandya district of Karnataka state, India. Along with two other major historic temples within the village, the Brahmeshvara temple is one of many major ruined temples with notable artwork in Kikkeri area close to the more famous monuments of Shravanabelagola.Dedicated to Shiva, the temple is notable for its integration of all major traditions of Hinduism – Shaivism, Vaishnavism and Shaktism, along with Vedic deities. The east facing temple has several innovations in the Karnata-tradition of Hindu architecture, such as an ingenious mesa-makara-pattika, the bulging Navaranga mandapa, the sophisticated details in many statues and the classical Indian dance postures as sculpted inside the mandapa. On its outer walls are aedicules illustrating Hindu temple architecture from different parts of India – Nagara (north, west, east), Dravida (south), Vesara (Deccan), Bhumija (central, east) and composite forms. The carvings, state Dhaky and Meister, are of elaborate and high quality.It was completed in 1171 AD by a woman named Bammave Nayakiti during the rule of Hoysala King Narasimha I. A significant portion of the artwork inside and outside temple is defaced, show signs of deliberate mutilation. Near the main temple, within the same complex is a Devi shrine with notable pilaster artwork. The Devi shrine was likely built a few decades later.This temple is managed and protected by the Archaeology, Museums and Heritage department of the state of Karnataka (monument S-KA-543).
The 2011–12 Luge World Cup was a multi race series over a season for luge. The season started on 26 November 2011 in Igls, Austria and ended on 26 February 2012 in Paramonovo, Russia. The World Cup was organised by the FIL and sponsored by Viessmann.
The Keystone Motor Company of Philadelphia was the manufacturer of an early automobile in 1900.
The car they built was a small vehicle with a water-cooled, single-cylinder engine of own development that delivered 5 bhp (3.7 kW). This engine was sold to other manufacturers, too. Buyers could choose from three models, all prized at US$750, with a wheelbase of 52 in., and with tiller steering.
The Autocycle was a rather crude car that could be described as a runabout for two passengers. They sat on a minimalistic bench with tube back and sides and very light upholstery, placed directly above the front axle. The engine was standing free behind the seat without protection by a hood. The vehicle had wire wheels, those in front being slightly larger.
The Wagonette was also a runabout but looked much more sophisticated. Its general lines were more modern and resembled those of the Oldsmobile Curved Dash (that appeared in 1901 at US$650). The front panel was curved inward. Fenders had an elegant bow with a step plate fitted between front and rear wings. The seat bench for two was richly upholstered with carved wood sides. The engine was concealed in a compartment under the seat, a canopy top was at least available.
Third model was the Parcel Delivery. This open car that accommodated the driver only.
When the Keystone became available in summer 1900, it drew enough attention that 75 engines, five Autocycles and four Wagonettes were built and sold in its first month alone, which was promising for the future.
But things went another way when a group of well-known Philadelphia business men (among them Theodore C. Search (1841–1920), head of the Stetson Hat Company) became aware of the company and it's well-engineered product. They made a very good buying offer and became the new owners just five months after the Keystone car was introduced.
A successor to the Keystone, the Searchmont Wagonette, either with the Keystone engine or a new 10 bhp (7.5 kW) two-cylinder engine developed using as many Keystione parts as possible, was ready by November, 1901.
Keystone chief engineer Edward B. Gallaher accepted a new position as plant manager for the Searchmont.
Gaongo is a department or commune of Bazèga Province in central Burkina Faso. Its capital lies at the town of Gaongo. According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 23,751.
Glenn D. Joyal was appointed Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench of Manitoba on February 4, 2011.  He replaced Marc M. Monnin, upon his elevation to the Court of Appeal of Manitoba.
Joyal pursued Graduate Studies in Public Law and Political Theory at Oxford University in 1995–1996.  He received a Master of Arts (with distinction) from the University of Manitoba in 1992 and a Bachelor of Laws in 1986 at McGill University. He was admitted to the Bar of Manitoba in 1987 and practised as a Provincial Crown Attorney in Manitoba (1986–1990), with Justice Canada (1990–1997) and then with the firm of Wolch Pinx Tapper Scurfield in Winnipeg (1997–1998).
Joyal was appointed a judge of the Provincial Court of Manitoba in 1998, where he developed his expertise in criminal and constitutional law.  On March 2, 2007, he was appointed to the Manitoba Court of Appeal, replacing Charles Huband.  He became a judge of the Court of Queen's Bench of Manitoba on July 10, 2007, replacing A. L. Clearwater, who elected to become a supernumerary judge.  He was appointed Associate Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench of Manitoba in January 2009.
Joyal works in both English and French and has served as a Member of several Provincial Court Committees. He has been Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors for St. Mary's Academy, a Member of the Board of Directors for Le Cercle Molière and a Member of l'Association des juristes d'expression française du Manitoba.
The Arri Alexa (stylised as ΛLEXΛ) is a digital motion picture camera system developed by Arri. First introduced in April 2010, the camera was Arri's first major transition into digital cinematography after smaller previous efforts such as the Arriflex D-20 and D-21. 
Alexa cameras are designed for use in high budget feature films, television shows, and commercials. Alexa uses the ALEV series of image sensors manufactured by ON Semiconductor.
Uncharacterized protein C12orf43 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the C12orf43 gene.
Acha-Kayyngdy (Kyrgyz: Ача-Кайыңды, formerly Oy-Tersken) is a village in Naryn Region of Kyrgyzstan. It is part of the At-Bashy District. Its population was 5,181 in 2021.
The 2016 Pajot Hills Classic was the first edition of the Pajot Hills Classic, a women's bicycle race in Belgium. It was held on 30 March 2016 over a distance of 122.4 kilometres (76.1 miles) starting and finishing in Gooik. It was rated by the UCI as a 1.2 category race.
Windom Peak is the highest summit of the Needle Mountains range of the Rocky Mountains of North America.  The prominent 14,093-foot (4,296 m) fourteener is located in the Weminuche Wilderness of San Juan National Forest, 28.2 miles (45.4 km) northeast by north (bearing 32°) of the City of Durango in La Plata County, Colorado, United States.  The summit of Windom Peak is the highest point in La Plata County and the entire San Juan River drainage basin.  The mountain was named in honor of Minnesota senator William Windom.
Moss Kent Platt (May 3, 1809 – March 1, 1876) was an American merchant and politician from New York.
The Kikusui Sho (in Japanese: 菊水賞), is a race for three-year-old stallions from Hyōgo Prefecture in the Hyogo Horse Racing Association.
The Commission scolaire de la Seigneurie-des-Mille-Îles (CSSMI) is a former francophone school district in the Canadian province of Quebec. It comprises several primary schools and high schools across municipalities in the Laurentides region. The commission is overseen by a board of elected school trustees.
The headquarters are in Saint-Eustache.The municipalities of Blainville, Boisbriand, Bois-des-Filion, Deux-Montagnes, Lorraine, Oka, Pointe-Calumet, Rosemère, Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines, Sainte-Marthe-sur-le-Lac, Sainte-Thérèse, Saint-Eustache, Saint-Joseph-du-Lac, Saint-Placide, and Terrebonne Ouest are a part of the school district. In addition, the following portions of Mirabel are served by this board: Saint-Augustin, Saint-Benoît, Sainte-Scholastique and a portion of Domaine-Vert.
Robert Norwood Clemens (born August 3, 1933) is a former fullback in the National Football League.
Hennenbach is a district of the city of Ansbach in Bavaria, Germany. It forms a small part of the north-east of Ansbach.
Dendrophorbium solisii is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.
Arigatou (ありがとう, Thank You) is Hatsune Okumura's debut studio album. It was released on September 3, 2008. It reached the 50th place on the Oricon Weekly Albums Chart.
The 1991 Miller Lite Hall of Fame Tennis Championships, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at the Newport Casino  in Newport, Rhode Island, United States that was part of the World Series of the 1991 ATP Tour. It was the 18th edition of the tournament and was held from July 8 through July 14, 1991. Unseeded Bryan Shelton won the singles title.
The TVR Tasmin (later known as the TVR 280i) is a sports car designed by TVR and built in the United Kingdom by that company from 1980 to 1987. It was the first of TVR's "Wedge"-series which formed the basis of its 1980's model range. The Tasmin/280i was available as a 2-seater coupé, as a 2+2 coupé and as a 2-seater convertible.
Jasień [ˈjaɕeɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Łopuszno and 29 km (18 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 213.
The Eurasian wigeon or European wigeon, also known as the widgeon or the wigeon (Mareca penelope) is one of three species of wigeon in the dabbling duck genus Mareca. It is common and widespread within its Palearctic range.
Trinity College Dublin MS 1317 [H.2.15B] is an autograph manuscript by Dubhaltach Mac Fhirbhisigh (murdered 1671).
The most succinct description of the manuscript is by Irish historian, William O'Sullivan:
[It is] "the most personal of Dubhaltach's surviving manuscripts, including scribblings as well as texts written by himself and his grandfather, Dubhaltach Mor. Unhappily, because written on paper, hard wear has many items in a fragmentary condition."
The Meteosat series of satellites are geostationary meteorological satellites operated by EUMETSAT under the Meteosat Transition Programme (MTP) and the Meteosat Second Generation (MSG) program.
The MTP program was established to ensure the operational continuity between the end of the successful Meteosat Operational Programme in 1995 and Meteosat Second Generation (MSG), which came into operation at the start of 2004 using improved satellites. The MSG program will provide service until the MTG (Meteosat Third Generation) program takes over.
Helena Åberg (born 16 July 1971) is a former Swedish Olympic freestyle swimmer. She competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, where she swam the 50-metre freestyle, finishing 23rd. Åberg also represented Sweden at the European Championships - winning a silver in relay - and the World Championships, winning a bronze medal in relay.
At the Helsingborgs Simsällskaps 100 years jubilée in 2007, Åberg was awarded the swimmer of the century.Åberg has lived openly gay since the end of 1980's. She had to go back into the closet for her time studying at the university in Georgia, where she felt "one was absolutely not allowed to be gay" at the time.Åberg is the aunt of the Swedish Youth Olympics swimmer Gustav Åberg Lejdström.
Pamela Kelly-Flowers, a native of Columbia, Louisiana is a former American women's basketball player at Louisiana Tech University. She won two national championships for the Lady Techsters. She was named to the All-American team in 1980, 1981, and 1982, her school's only three-time All-American. Kelly won the 1982 Wade Trophy and the 1982 Honda Sports Award for basketball, awards presented annually to the best women's basketball player in the National Collegiate Athletic Association. She was enshrined as a charter member into the Louisiana Tech Athletic Hall of Fame in 1984, and her #41 jersey was retired. She was inducted in 1992 into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
She was inducted into the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame in 2007.Kelly is married to Nathan Flowers, Sr., and the couple has two sons. Her son John Flowers is a professional basketball player.
The canton of Givet is an administrative division of the Ardennes department, northern France. Its borders were not modified at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in Givet.It consists of the following communes:
The Chinchorro culture of South America was a preceramic culture that lasted from 9,000 to 3,500 years BP (7,000 to 1,500 BCE). The people forming the Chinchorro culture were sedentary fishermen inhabiting the Pacific coastal region of current northern Chile and southern Peru. Presence of fresh water in the arid region on the coast facilitated human settlement in this area. The Chinchorro were famous for their detailed mummification and funerary practices. The area of the Chinchorro culture started to receive influences from the Andean Plateau around 4,000 BP, which led to the adoption of agriculture. Much later, it came under the influence of the Tiwanaku Empire.
In 2021, the Chinchorro culture was included in the World Heritage List.
Walter Kelleher was an American photographer from Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. He worked for the New York Daily News (circa) 1920s to his death in 1970.
Pen-Ek Karaket (born 18 March 1990, Bangkok) is a Thai taekwondo practitioner who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the under 58 kg weight class.  Karaket lost to Lee Dae-Hoon in the first round.  As Lee reached the gold medal match, Karaket was entered into the repechage.  Karaket beat Tamer Bayoumi to reach the bronze medal match but lost that to Óscar Muñoz of Colombia.Karaket is coached by Thailand's national taekwondo coach Choi Young-Seok.  He also competed in the Asian Games 2010 where he earned silver for Thailand.
Karaket graduated from Budin Decha School in the year 2007. Currently he is enrolled to Kasetsart University.
Józefów (Polish pronunciation: [juˈzɛfuf]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
Rezső Seress (Hungarian: [ˈrɛʒøː ˈʃɛrɛʃː]; 3 November 1899 – 11 January 1968) was a Hungarian pianist and composer.  Some sources give his birth name as Rudolf ("Rudi") Spitzer.
Wood River is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada. Located in southern Saskatchewan, the district was created by the Representation Act, 1994 (Saskatchewan) out of parts of the former Assiniboia-Gravelbourg and Shaunavon constituencies. The district takes its name from the R.M. of Wood River, which is located in the center of the constituency.
Communities in the riding include the towns of Assiniboia, Ponteix, Rockglen, Gravelbourg, Mossbank and Lafleche; and the villages of Vanguard, Wood Mountain, Hodgeville, Mankota, Bracken and Val Marie.
Divine Right: The Adventures of Max Faraday is a twelve-issue comic book limited series created, written, and drawn by Jim Lee and published by American company Wildstorm from 1997 to 1999. Its protagonist is Max Faraday, a computer science student who inadvertently becomes the receptacle of an incredible mystic power.
Fuego España F.C., also known as Fuego Espanya F.C., is a Filipino women's football club which played at the PFF Women's League, the top women's football league in the Philippines. Fuego España is the alumni football club of University of Santo Tomas.Fuego España did not win a single match in its PFF Women's League participation history, with the club only scoring their first goal against University of Santo Tomas. The club only participated for the 2016–17 season of the PFF Women's League and did not enter the 2018 season.
"Reach Out" is a song recorded by American singer Hilary Duff for the planned re-release of her fourth studio album, Dignity (2007). The song features uncredited vocals from American rapper R. Prophet. It was written by Martin Gore, Ryan "Alias" Tedder, Evan Bogart, Mika Guillory and produced by Tedder. The song was released on October 20, 2008, by Hollywood Records as the only single from Duff's first greatest hits album, Best of Hilary Duff (2008).
Horoatu Crasnei (Hungarian: Krasznahorvát) is a commune located in Sălaj County, Crișana, Romania.
The Chertanovo Constituency (No.210) is a Russian legislative constituency in Moscow. It is based in Southern and South-Western Moscow.
Vladimir Lvovich Mashkov (Russian: Владимир Львович Машков; born 27 November 1963) is a Soviet and Russian actor and director of cinema, known to Western audiences for his work in the 2001 film Behind Enemy Lines and 2011 film Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol. Mashkov has also worked as a film director, producer and writer for the 2004 Russian film Papa.
Andrés Vilariño (born 28 September 1951 in San Sebastián) is a Spanish racing driver.
NGC 450 is a spiral galaxy located in the constellation Cetus. It was discovered in 1785 by William Herschel. NGC 450 has a very close companion, UGC 807 (or PGC 4545), which is attached at the northeast side of the halo. UGC 807 appears fairly faint, fairly small, and elongated. Despite that UGC 807 appears to form a double system, the companion has a redshift that is over six times greater than NGC 450, so they are a line-of-sight pair.
Feed the Fire is the fourth studio album by Timothy B. Schmit and it was released in 2001.
German submarine U-3507 was a Type XXI U-boat (one of the "Elektroboote") of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine, built for service in World War II. She was ordered on 6 November 1943, and was laid down on 19 July 1944 at F Schichau GmbH, Danzig, as yard number 1652. She was launched on 16 September 1944, and commissioned under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Otto Niethmann, on 19 October 1944.
Lankem Ceylon PLC is a chemicals, paints and consumer goods manufacturing company in Sri Lanka. The company also engaged in the hospitality industry by owning and operating resorts in Sri Lanka. The company is incorporated in 1964 by Royal Dutch Shell and listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange in 1970. Brand Finance ranked the company 88th most valuable brand in Sri Lanka. The company ranked 61st in LMD 100, an annual list of quoted companies by revenue in the financial year 2019–20.
The Prout School is a private, coeducational, college-preparatory high school located in Wakefield, Rhode Island. It is a member of the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC) and is an International Baccalaureate school. It is the only International Baccalaureate high school in Rhode Island. It services all of New England, but more specifically Rhode Island and Connecticut.
Alvin Ira Goldman (born 1938) is an American philosopher, who is Emeritus Board of Governors Professor of Philosophy and Cognitive Science at Rutgers University in New Jersey and a leading figure in epistemology.
Moutrot is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
De'Riante Jenkins (born November 12, 1996) is an American professional basketball player for BC Luleå of the Swedish Basketligan. He played college basketball for the VCU Rams.
Sydney Gerrie (14 June 1927 – 9 May 2005) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Dundee and Hull City.
Adrian Esquino Lisco (died September 8, 2007) was an El Salvadoran activist and spiritual chief and advisor to El Salvador's indigenous community. Lisco rose to international prominence during the Salvadoran Civil War when he called attention to human rights atrocities committed against El Salvador's indigenous peoples, who number about 1 percent of the country's 7 million people.
The Portrait of Bernhart von Reesen is a portrait painting by German Renaissance master Albrecht Dürer.  It depicts a man wearing a beret and holding a piece of paper against a red background.  The oil on panel painting is dated 1521 and is in the collection of the Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister of Dresden, Germany.
Vernest Raynard Alexander (born January 8, 1962) is a former gridiron football wide receiver in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos and Dallas Cowboys. He also played eight seasons in the Canadian Football League for three teams. He played college football at Florida A&M University.
Paulus Dussus (fl. 1440–54) was the Roman Catholic archbishop of Krujë (Craynensis archiepiscopis), also having served as (by year mentioned) the bishop of Šas (or Svač, Suacium, Suacensis) in 1440, bishop of Drivast in 1444 and 1454. According to R. Elsie, he was the bishop of Šas in 1443, and notes that it is uncertain if Paulus Dussus (whom he calls "Pal Dushi") and Paulus Angelus were the same person.
Ang Iglesia ni Cristo (transl. The Church of Christ) is the first religious television program produced by the international Christian religious organization Iglesia ni Cristo (through the Christian Era Broadcasting Service International) and its currently broadcast by INC TV (DZCE-TV) and Net 25. The program premiered on February 13, 1983 on MBS (now known as PTV 4) RPN 9 and IBC 13, along with City 2 Television (reverted to BBC-2) from the same year until 1986 when BBC-2 was signed off after EDSA Revolution. One of its first panelists of the program was Bro. Eduardo V. Manalo which he's now a current executive minister of the church. It later aired on ABS-CBN in 1990. When Net 25 was launched, most of its INC programs (including "Iglesia ni Cristo") began to air on the said network.Ang Iglesia ni Cristo was also aired when Iglesia ni Cristo (through its religious broadcast arm, Christian Era Broadcasting Service) established its own TV network, GEM TV in 2005 and it later replaced by INC TV in October 2012.
Archbishop Leo (Makkonen) of Helsinki and All Finland, head of the Finnish Orthodox Church,  was born in Pielavesi in eastern Finland on June 4, 1948. After completing studies in 1972 at the Kuopio seminary, he was ordained deacon on 20 July 1973 and priest two days later.
He was consecrated Bishop of Joensuu on 25 February 1979, then served as Metropolitan of Oulu from 1980–1996. From 1996-2001 he served as Metropolitan of Helsinki, before taking up his post as Archbishop of Karelia; he was confirmed on 27 October 2001.From 1979-1993 he served as chair of the Fellowship of Saints Sergius and Herman.
Penagar is an Indian Panchayat village located in Gingee taluk of Viluppuram district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. According to the 2001 census, the village had a population of 2071, with a literacy rate of 59%.
Seacatch Nunataks (63°58′S 58°4′W) is a group of nunataks rising to about 500 m between Carro Pass and Massey Heights in James Ross Island. It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) following British Antarctic Survey (BAS) geological work here from 1981-83 and is named after Seacatch, the father seal in Kipling's The White Seal, in association with similar names in this area.
 This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document: "Seacatch Nunataks". (content from the Geographic Names Information System)
Euclid Avenue is a major street in Cleveland, Ohio. It runs northeasterly from Public Square in Downtown Cleveland, through the cities of East Cleveland, Euclid and Wickliffe, to the suburb of Willoughby as a part of U.S. Route 20 and U.S. Route 6. The street passes Playhouse Square, University Circle, Cleveland State University, the Cleveland Clinic, Severance Hall, Case Western Reserve University’s Maltz Performing Arts Center (formerly The Temple Tifereth Israel ), Case Western Reserve University and University Hospitals Case Medical Center. The HealthLine bus rapid transit line runs in designated bus lanes in the median of Euclid Avenue from Public Square to Louis Stokes Station at Windermere in East Cleveland.
It received nationwide attention from the 1860s to the 1920s for its beauty and wealth, including a string of mansions that came to be known as Millionaires' Row. There are several theaters, banks, and churches along Euclid, as well as Cleveland's oldest extant building, the Dunham Tavern. A large reconstruction project, which brought the HealthLine to the street, was completed in 2008.
Joseph Emmett Haynes (July 31, 1827 – December 6, 1897) was the 20th mayor of Newark, New Jersey from 1884 to 1894.  A Democrat who explicitly appealed to the working class, Haynes is chiefly remembered for securing Newark a safe and abundant water supply, and his mayoralty is seen as a turning point in the prosperity of Newark.
The Clandestine Insurgent Rebel Clown Army (also known as CIRCA and Clown Army) is an anti-authoritarian left-wing activist group that uses clowning and non-violent tactics to act against corporate globalisation, war, and on other issues. The group originated circa 2003 in the United Kingdom.
An annular tropical cyclone is a tropical cyclone that features a normal to large, symmetric eye surrounded by a thick and uniform ring of intense convection, often having a relative lack of discrete rainbands, and bearing a symmetric appearance in general. As a result, the appearance of an annular tropical cyclone can be referred to as akin to a tire or doughnut. Annular characteristics can be attained as tropical cyclones intensify; however, outside the processes that drive the transition from asymmetric systems to annular systems and the abnormal resistance to negative environmental factors found in storms with annular features, annular tropical cyclones behave similarly to asymmetric storms. Most research related to annular tropical cyclones is limited to satellite imagery and aircraft reconnaissance as the conditions thought to give rise to annular characteristics normally occur over open water, well removed from landmasses where surface observations are possible.
George Johnstone (10 December 1764 – 20 November 1813) was a British politician. He sat in the House of Commons of Great Britain and then in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1800 to 1813.
Johnstone was born in Pensacola, Florida.  He was one of four illegitimate sons of George Johnstone, then a captain in the Royal Navy, later an admiral. His mother was Martha Ford.He was elected at a by-election in 1800 as Member of Parliament (MP) for the borough of Aldeburgh.
The following year, he bought an estate in Wales and began canvassing the borough of Hedon in Yorkshire, and topped the poll at the 1802 general election.
He was re-elected 3 times, facing a contest only in 1807,
Mälgi is a village in Elva Parish, Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
Saraswati Devi, born Khorshed Minocher-Homji (1912 – 9 August 1980), was an Indian director of music and score composer who worked in Hindi cinema in the 1930s and 1940s. She  is most noted for her score, Mein Ban ki Chiriyra Banke Bun Bun Bolun Re in Bombay Talkies's Achut Kanya (1936). She along with Nargis' mother & Sanjay Dutt's grandmother Jaddanbai is considered to be one of the first female music composers in Indian cinema.
Propotto is an extinct, monotypic genus of early strepsirrhine primate from the early Miocene of Kenya. It contains one described species, Propotto leakeyi. Although long considered a pteropodid fruit-eating bat after spending a brief sojourn as a prehistoric relative of lorises, recent research shows it to be an extinct relative of the aye-aye.
Michael Hovhannisyan (Armenian: Միքայել Հովհաննիսյան, March 1, 1867 – July 13, 1933), known by the pen name Nar-Dos (Armenian: Նար-Դոս), was an Armenian writer.
Sebahattin Öztürk (born 1 July 1962) is a Turkish politician, civil servant and bureaucrat who served as the Minister of the Interior of Turkey between March and August 2015. Previously the Undersecretary to the Interior Ministry since 2014, he took over as Minister from Justice and Development Party politician Efkan Ala three months prior to the June 2015 general election, as required by Article 114 of the Turkish Constitution. He is, formally, of no political affiliation.
Laila Dåvøy (born 11 August 1948, in Bergen) is a Norwegian nurse and politician for the Christian Democratic Party. She is a former member of the Norwegian parliament and a former Minister and leader of the Norwegian Nurses' Union.
Armstrong is a small lunar impact crater located in the southern part of the Mare Tranquillitatis. It lies about 50 kilometers to the northeast of the Apollo 11 landing site, Tranquility Base. Named after American astronaut Neil Armstrong, the crater is the easternmost of the row of three craters named in honor of the Apollo 11 crew members. To the north is the Ranger 8 impact site.
This crater was previously identified as Sabine E before being renamed by the IAU. Sabine itself is located due west of Armstrong.
The Ammendale Normal Institute is a U.S. historic location in Beltsville, Maryland. Bought in 1880, it was a school and novitiate operated by the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools. The Ammendale area is named after the previous owner, Daniel Ammen.Construction of the main building began in 1883 and was completed in 1884 with Thomas C. Kennedy as the leading architect.
Denglisch is a term describing the increased use of anglicisms and pseudo-anglicisms in the German language. It is a portmanteau of the German words Deutsch (German) and Englisch. The term is first recorded from 1965.The word has been adopted in English in an anglicised form as Denglish, recorded from 1996.
Ibrahim Lalle Shuabu (born 19 December 1996) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Jerv.
The first season of Shark Tank aired on Network Ten on 8 February 2015 and concluded 7 June 2015. The series was confirmed on 1 September 2014.
Rukmini Swayamvar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
Erythroneura reflecta is a species of leafhopper found in the Eastern United States. It is most common in Illinois and Ohio. They can be found on Vitis riparia (river bank grape), other wild grapes, fruit trees in the genus Prunus, as well as trees and shrubs in the genus Aesculus. They are 3 mm (0.12 in) in length, and can be quite colorful. Some are mostly white, with a few dull colors, but some can be yellow, orange, blue, brown, and red.
John A. Pollock (born 1936) is a businessman who was the president of his family's company, Electrohome, from 1972 to 2008. He also was the seventh chancellor of Wilfrid Laurier University, and held this position from March 31, 2008 to October 28, 2011.Pollock was born and raised in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada, obtaining a Bachelor of Applied Science degree from the University of Toronto, where he was President of the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity and a Masters of Business Administration from Harvard University. He has also received Honorary Doctor of Laws degrees from both Wilfrid Laurier University and the University of Waterloo.
In 1972, he succeeded his father Carl A. Pollock as president of Electrohome, a Kitchener, Ontario-based electronics company founded by his grandfather Arthur Bell Pollock in 1907. Electrohome was widely known as the Canadian equivalent of US companies like General Electric and RCA. Pollock led the company into developing a number of different electronics products, both consumer and industrial, including specialized data displays for the New York Stock Exchange, large-screen projection televisions, reverse osmosis/ultrafiltration systems, and in the late 1970s and 1980s, custom monitors for many leading video games manufacturers including Atari and Sega. The company also had brief ventures in satellite television receivers and videotex hardware. In 1996 Pollock merged the Electrohome owned CKCO-TV, the first TV station in Kitchener-Waterloo, the company's other broadcasting properties, and holdings in CTV, with Baton Broadcasting. In 1997, Electrohome sold its interest in CTV and all broadcast holdings to Baton for cash and shares worth $270 Million Canadian dollars. Baton changed its name to CTV Television Network a year later, and has been the top rated Canadian television network since 2002. Under Pollock, Electrohome's most successful products were a line of industrial display projectors that evolved from single CRT monochrome data projectors into stereoscopic virtual reality projectors and digital movie theater projectors, based on the Texas Instruments Digital Light Processing technology. In 1999, Electrohome sold the projection systems division to Christie Digital, a leading film projector manufacturer. Electrohome eventually was dissolved in an orderly wind down in late 2008.
Pollock served on the boards of numerous companies including Thyssenkrupp Budd Canada Inc., Canadian General-Tower Ltd. and S.C. Johnson and Son Ltd. He was also active in many non-profit organizations, serving as a trustee with the Art Gallery of Ontario and as a board member with Cambridge Memorial Hospital, the Grand River Conservation Foundation and Junior Achievement of the Region of Waterloo. He was a member of the Advisory Board of the University of Western Ontario, the board of directors of the University of Waterloo, the Science Council of Canada and the Trillium Foundation of Ontario. He has also served as chairman of the Kitchener-Waterloo Art Gallery and St. John's-Kilmarnock School, a private school serving the Waterloo Region area.
Manuel Valera (born October 17, 1980) is a Cuban pianist and composer.
Verrucaria is a genus of lichenized (lichen-forming) fungi in the family Verrucariaceae.
Katri Daddi is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka, India.
Cumbria ( KUM-bree-ə) is a ceremonial and non-metropolitan county in North West England. The county and Cumbria County Council, its local government, came into existence in 1974 after the passage of the Local Government Act 1972. Cumbria's county town is Carlisle, in the north of the county. The only other major urban area is Barrow-in-Furness on the south-western tip of the county.
The administrative county of Cumbria consists of six districts (Allerdale, Barrow-in-Furness, Carlisle, Copeland, Eden and South Lakeland) and, in 2019, had a population of just over 500,000 people. Cumbria is one of the most sparsely populated counties in England, with 73.4 people per km2 (190/sq mi). In late 2021, it was proposed that the administrative county of Cumbria would be abolished and replaced with two new unitary authorities; Westmorland and Furness (Barrow-in-Furness, Eden, South Lakeland) and Cumberland (Allerdale, Carlisle, Copeland).Cumbria is the third largest county in England by area. It is bounded to the north-east by Northumberland, the east by County Durham, 
the south-east by North Yorkshire, the south by Lancashire, the west by the Irish Sea, the north-west by the Scottish council areas of Dumfries and Galloway, and the north by Scottish Borders.
Cumbria is predominantly rural and contains the Lake District National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site considered one of England's finest areas of natural beauty, serving as inspiration for visual artists, writers and musicians. A large area of the south-east of the county is within the Yorkshire Dales National Park, while the east of the county fringes the North Pennines AONB. Much of Cumbria is mountainous and it contains every peak in England over 3,000 feet (910 m) above sea level, with the top of Scafell Pike at 3,209 feet (978 m) being the highest point in England. An upland, coastal and rural area, Cumbria's history is characterised by invasions, migration and settlement, as well as battles and skirmishes between the English and the Scots. Notable historic sites in Cumbria include Carlisle Castle, Furness Abbey, Hardknott Roman Fort, Brough Castle and Hadrian's Wall (also a World Heritage Site).
Meroctena staintonii is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Julius Lederer in 1863. It is found in Indonesia (Ambon Island, Java, Borneo), Fiji and Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wings are yellow with a broad darker margin. The forewings are outlined with a comma-shaped mark near the middle.
Lynn Miles (born 29 September 1958) is a Canadian singer-songwriter. She has won the Juno Award and three Canadian Folk Music Awards.
Michael Brian Schiffer (born October 4, 1947) is an American archaeologist and one of the founders and pre-eminent exponents of behavioral archaeology.
Schiffer's earliest ideas, set out in his 1976 book Behavioral Archeology and many journal articles, are mainly concerned with the formation processes of the archaeological record (cultural and noncultural). His most important early contribution to archaeology was the rejection of the common processualist assumption that the archaeological record is a transparent fossil record of actual ancient societies. In fact, he argues, artifacts and sites undergo, respectively post-use and post-occupational modification by diverse formation processes.
In his 1972 American Antiquity article Schiffer, using flow models, explained that artifacts generally pass through numerous social contexts of procurement, manufacture, use, recycling and disposal and that the same kind of artifact can enter the archaeological record at many points through this life history. As societies become more sedentary, the archaeological record typically seems to be one of garbage disposal.
Schiffer's body of theory and method is based on the idea that cultural and noncultural processes (whose patterns are described by generalizations:  c-transforms and n-transforms) convert the 'systemic context' (the original dynamics between societies and material objects) into the 'archaeological context' (the record of artifacts examined by archaeologists). Although this approach has been criticized, notably by Lewis Binford, it has permanently affected how archaeologists interpret the archaeological record.
Schiffer is also known for his early contributions to cultural resource management studies, co-editing in 1977 with George J. Gumerman, Conservation Archaeology:  A Guide for Cultural Resource Management Studies.  In that work the editors and authors strove to demonstrate that cutting edge research is a requirement for crafting rigorous arguments about the significance of archaeological resources.
In the 1980s Schiffer's interests expanded to include technological change, and he and James M. Skibo built the Laboratory of Traditional Technology at the University of Arizona.  Their experiments in ceramic technology revealed, for example, heretofore unsuspected techno-functional performance characteristics of traditional surface treatments and temper types. Together, Schiffer and Skibo published around a dozen articles based on their collaboration in the laboratory, which included a different way to think about experimental archaeology as well as a framework for studying technological change.
During the 1990s and later, Schiffer has returned to an old interest in historic electric and electronic technologies. These works uniquely combine an archaeological perspective with the use of historical materials and have led to four books and numerous articles, many of the latter aimed at archaeologists with behavioral models for studying technological change.  The behavioral approach to technological change has been synthesized in Schiffer's 2011 book, Studying Technological Change:  A Behavioral Approach. His works on early modern and modern technologies have been largely favorably reviewed by historians of science and technology, but in archaeology he remains best known for publications in behavioral archaeology.
Schiffer was also the founding editor the Journal of Archaeological Method and Theory.
Schiffer retired from the School of Anthropology at the University of Arizona in 2014.  He once said “Anthropology is the only discipline that can access evidence about the entire human experience on this planet.” Hence his fascination with making information public. He is currently a Research Associate in the Lemelson Center, National Museum of American History, Smithsonian Institution, and Research Professor, Department of Anthropology, University of Maryland.
Ádám Országh (born 6 October 1989) is a Hungarian handball player for Dabas VSE KC and the Hungarian national team.He participated at the 2018 European Men's Handball Championship.
The Dipșa is a left tributary of the river Șieu in Romania. It flows into the Șieu near Chiraleș. Its length is 35 km (22 mi) and its basin size is 459 km2 (177 sq mi).The following rivers are tributaries to the river Dipșa:
Neil Sedaka ( born March 13, 1939) is an American pop singer, pianist, composer and record producer. Since his music career began in 1957 as a short-lived founding member of the Tokens, he has sold millions of records as a performer and has written or co-written over 500 songs for himself and others, collaborating mostly with lyricists Howard "Howie" Greenfield and Phil Cody.
M-311 is a 13.7-mile-long (22.0 km) state trunkline highway in Calhoun County in the US state of Michigan that runs from the intersection of M-60 in Burlington north to Interstate 94 (I-94) at exit 104 in Emmett Township.  It was previously an unsigned state trunkline, meaning that no reassurance markers were used to identify the highway.  The route mainly consists of 11 Mile Road, which was a county road prior to the 1998 rationalization process.
The Prakriya Green Wisdom School is a school in Bangalore, India. The school philosophy is based on nature, natural growth and nature-based learning.  
The school's website says that the name comes from the Sanskrit word "Prakruti" which means "Nature".
Crazy Rhythms is the debut studio album by American rock band The Feelies. It was released in April 1980, through record label Stiff. Its fusion of post-punk and jangle pop was influential on the forthcoming alternative rock genre, with R.E.M., among others, citing the album as an influence. Although it was not commercially successful initially, it has remained critically lauded in the decades since its release.
The Tennessee Bankers Association is a trade association for the banking industry in Tennessee, USA. It was established on October 13, 1890 in Memphis, Tennessee.
The 2012 Tour de France was the 99th edition of the Tour de France, one of cycling's Grand Tours. It started in the Belgian city of Liège on 30 June and finished on the Champs-Élysées in Paris on 22 July. The Tour consisted of 21 stages, including an opening prologue, and covered a total distance of 3,496.9 km (2,173 mi). As well as the prologue, the first two stages took place in Belgium, and one stage finished in Switzerland. Bradley Wiggins (Team Sky) won the overall general classification, and became the first British rider to win the Tour. Wiggins's teammate Chris Froome placed second, and Vincenzo Nibali (Liquigas–Cannondale) was third.
The general classification leader's yellow jersey was worn for the first week by Fabian Cancellara (RadioShack–Nissan), who won the prologue. Wiggins, second in the prologue, took the leadership of the race on stage seven, the first mountainous stage, which was won by Froome, and maintained his lead for the remainder of the race, winning the two longest time trials, and not losing time to his main challengers for the overall title in the mountains.
The points classification was won by Nibali's teammate Peter Sagan, who won three stages. André Greipel of Lotto–Belisol and Team Sky rider Mark Cavendish also won three stages. Team Europcar's Thomas Voeckler, winner of two mountain stages, won the mountains classification. BMC Racing Team's Tejay van Garderen, in fifth place overall, won the young rider classification. The team classification was won by RadioShack–Nissan, and Chris Anker Sørensen (Saxo Bank–Tinkoff Bank) was given the award for the most combative rider.
Hamworthy railway station serves Hamworthy, an area of Poole in Dorset, England. It is 115 miles 77 chains (186.6 km) down the line from London Waterloo.
Christian Caspar Gabriel Kielland (10 November 1871 in KwaZulu-Natal – 18 March 1941 in Oslo) was a Norwegian gynaecologist, known as the inventor of the Kielland forceps.
The tool is probably the most common forceps used for rotation deliveries. The sliding mechanism at the articulation can be helpful in asynclitic births (when the fetal head is tilted to the side), since the fetal head is no longer in line with the birth canal.
Brahmā is a leading god (deva) and heavenly king in Buddhism. He is considered as a protector of teachings (dharmapala), and he is never depicted in early Buddhist texts as a creator god. In Buddhist tradition, it was the deity Brahma Sahampati who appeared before the Buddha and invited him to teach, once the Buddha attained enlightenment.Brahma and lords over the heavenly realm of rebirth called the Brahmaloka,  one of the highest realms in Buddhist cosmology. Brahma is generally represented in Buddhist culture as a god with four faces and four arms, and variants of him are found in Mahayana Buddhist cultures.
Eri Yonamine (與那嶺恵理, Yonamine Eri, born 25 April 1991) is a Japanese racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team EF Education–Tibco–SVB.Yonamine only switched from tennis to cycling when in college at Tsukuba University, and quickly achieved success in Japan, coming in second in both the Japanese National Road Race Championships and the Japanese National Time Trial Championships in 2012 at age 21. The next year, she won both the national road race and time trial championships. In the spring of 2016, she signed a short-term contract with the American UCI team Hagens Berman–Supermint, and later repeated her victory in the national time trial. Yonamine was selected to represent Japan in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Želetava (German: Schelletau) is a market town in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,500 inhabitants.
Eremophila obliquisepala is a flowering plant in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to Western Australia. It is a small, compact shrub with serrated leave, blue to purple flowers and unusually-shaped sepals.
Jamie Erdahl is an American reporter for CBS Sports. She currently serves as the lead sideline reporter for the SEC on CBS, teaming up with Brad Nessler and Gary Danielson. Erdahl also covers the NCAA basketball regular season, the NBA and March Madness for CBS/Turner. She joined the company in 2014 and contributes to CBS Sports Network as a studio host.Erdahl worked at New England Sports Network  prior to joining CBS. In 2013, she filled in on the sidelines for Jenny Dell during the Boston Red Sox season. In 2014, NESN named Erdahl the Boston Bruins rink side reporter. She also worked in studio hosting NESN's 30-minute live news shows.
Gao Qiang (Chinese: 高强; pinyin: Gāo Qiáng; born 1944) is a Chinese politician and a former minister and party secretary of the Ministry of Health of the People's Republic of China.
Lower Ashton is a village on the western slopes of Haldon in Teignbridge, Devon, England. Along with Higher Ashton it is part of the civil parish of Ashton, which in 2001 had a population of 174. Its bridge across the River Teign, known as Spara Bridge, was built in 1604.
Margie Gibson (March 29, 1916 – December 9, 1990) was an American jazz composer and arranger of South Asian descent. Gibson broke the color line by having her music played and recorded by some of the leading white bands of the time. She was not primarily an instrumentalist and stayed largely behind the scenes.
Union Christian College, Meghalaya, established in 1952, is a general degree college situated in Shillong, Meghalaya. This college is affiliated with the North Eastern Hill University.
Ishaya Sha'aibu Audu (March 1, 1927 – August 29, 2005) was a Nigerian doctor, professor, and politician. A Kattafawa, Christian, he served as Minister of External Affairs (Foreign Minister) from 1979 to 1983 under Shehu Shagari.
B-17 (Urdu: حلقہ ب ۱۷)  is a sector of Islamabad, Pakistan., developed by Multi-Professional Cooperative Housing Society (MPCHS).  The sector is bounded on the east by N-5 National Highway (locally known at Grand Trunk Road) and with the M-1 motorway to the west. B-17 is a newly developing sector located in Zone II of Islamabad Capital Territory. CDA approved and issued  no objection certification (NOC) to MPCHS for sector B-17 on 30 January 2008, besides NOC was issued by Federal Directorate of Education (FDE) for construction of schools in the society.
William Reynolds (December 10, 1815 – November 5, 1879) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy who served during the American Civil War. His younger brother (by five years) was United States Army general John F. Reynolds.Reynolds was born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and joined the Navy in 1831. His first assignment was to the Boxer, in which he toured Africa, Brazil and the Malay archipelago. In 1837, he was promoted to passed midshipman and to lieutenant in 1841. 
From 1838 to 1842, he served with the U.S. Exploring Expedition, and was among the first to sight the Antarctic mainland, along with Henry Eld. In 1842, he was assigned to the Cumberland.
In 1862, he was promoted to commander and given his first ship, the Vermont, a receiving ship at Port Royal, South Carolina. (When that ship was replaced by the New Hampshire, he was transferred to command it.) He was subsequently given command of the depot there.In 1865, Reynolds was promoted to captain and given command of the screw sloop Lackawanna after the American Civil War, assigned to the Pacific. In 1867, he was the officer to formally claim the Midway Atoll for the United States, after its discovery by a sealing ship in 1859. In 1870, he was made a commodore and was made the Chief of the Bureau of Equipment. In 1873, he was promoted to rear admiral and given command of the Asiatic Squadron from his flagship, the steam frigate Tennessee. Reynolds served as the acting Secretary of the United States Navy in 1874.His last foreign tour included an official visit to China. Reynolds' wife, Rebecca Krug Reynolds, became the first American woman to walk on the Great Wall of China.In 1877, due to failing health, he retired from active service. Reynolds died in Washington, D.C., on November 5, 1879, and is buried next to his younger brother, John F. Reynolds, in the cemetery in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
Peter Ó Maolmhuaidh was appointed Dean of Armagh in 1487 and deprived in 1492.  At some point he was restored and died in 1505.
Flax fletcheri is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Michael Fibiger in 2011. It is found on Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands.
The wingspan is about 9.5 mm (0.37 in). The forewings (including fringes) are beige, with brown subterminal and terminal areas. The base of the costa and the medial area are also brown with a dark-brown dot in the inner lower area. The crosslines are beige. The terminal line is only indicated by dark-brown interveinal dots. The hindwings are light grey. The underside of the forewings are unicolorous brown and the underside of the hindwings is grey with a discal spot.
Islam in Yemen dates back to about 630AD, when it  was introduced into the region by Ali when Muhammad was still alive. It was during this period that the mosques in Janad (near Ta'izz) and the Great Mosque of Sana'a were built. Yemenis are divided into two principal Islamic religious groups: 65% Sunni and 35% Shia. Others put the numbers of Shias at 30%. The denominations are as follows: 65% primarily of the Shafi'i and other orders of Sunni Islam. 33% of the Zaidi order of Shia Islam, 2% of the Ja'fari and Tayyibi Ismaili orders of Shia Islam. Yemen is home to the Sulaymani Bohra community, a subdivision of Tayyibi Mustali Ismailism. The Sunnis are predominantly in the south and southeast. The Zaidis are predominantly in the north and northwest whilst the Jafaris are in the main centres of the North such as Sana'a and Ma'rib. There are mixed communities in the larger cities. 
According to WIN/Gallup International polls, Yemen has the most religious population among Arab countries and it is one of the most religious population world-wide.
Ștefan Tașnadi (Hungarian: István Tasnádi, 21 March 1953 – 28 February 2018) was a Romanian heavyweight weightlifter who won a silver  medal at the 1984 Olympics.Tașnadi took up lifting in 1970 at a sports school and from 1976 to 1984 was a member of the national team. He retired in 1984 to become a weightlifting coach.
F. Mansfield and Sons Co. (SP-691), sometimes seen as Mansfield & Sons Co., was a United States Navy mine sweeper serving in non-commissioned status, thus not properly bearing the U.S.S. prefix, from 1917 to 1919. The vessel was a small commercial freighter that was acquired by the Navy for World War I service. After the war the vessel was transferred to the United States Lighthouse Service for operation as a tender on 28 October 1919 and renamed Shrub. Upon merger of that service with the U.S. Coast Guard the vessel was designated the buoy tender USCGS Shrub (WAGL 244) until 1947.
Anthony John Kreft (born 27 March 1945) is a former New Zealand rugby union player. A prop, Kreft represented Otago at a provincial level, and was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, on their 1968 tour of Australia. He played four matches for the All Blacks on that tour, including one international.
Szczęsnowicze [ʂt͡ʂɛ̃snɔˈvit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szudziałowo, 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Sokółka, and 44 km (27 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
Froggy is a brand name radio format used for a variety of radio stations in the United States, most of which broadcast a country music format, with a few playing adult contemporary. (There was, however, an oldies-themed "Froggy" in Erie, Pennsylvania: the former WFGO; that station has since changed format and calls in 2007. Another oldies-based Froggy station, KFGI in Austin, Texas, changed formats in 1994.) Although the frog logo is shared among these stations, most of them are not associated with one another. The "Froggy" branding is particularly common among country stations currently or formerly owned by Forever Broadcasting or Forever Communications and Keymarketradio LLC.
The Indian brown mongoose (Urva fusca) is a mongoose species native to the Western Ghats in India and the western coast in Sri Lanka. It is listed as least concern on the IUCN Red List.
The following polls make up the 2003 NCAA Division I baseball rankings.  USA Today and ESPN began publishing the Coaches' Poll of 31 active coaches ranking the top 25 teams in the nation in 1992.  Each coach is a member of the American Baseball Coaches Association.  Baseball America began publishing its poll of the top 20 teams in college baseball in 1981.  Beginning with the 1985 season, it expanded to the top 25.  Collegiate Baseball Newspaper published its first human poll of the top 20 teams in college baseball in 1957, and expanded to rank the top 30 teams in 1961.
The Oakland County Child Killer (OCCK) is the name given to the perpetrator(s) responsible for the serial killings of at least four children in Oakland County, Michigan, United States, between 1976 and 1977. The victims were held captive before being killed, and forensic DNA testing has indirectly implicated two suspects, one of whom has since died, with the other serving life in prison for offenses against children. A DNA profile created from samples taken from some of the victims' bodies is from the main perpetrator, but does not match the DNA of anyone named in connection with the case; the perpetrator's identity is unknown.
The Borough of Hartlepool is a unitary authority area in the ceremonial county of County Durham, in north-east England. Its largest town is Hartlepool.
In 2003 it had a resident population of 90,161, increasing to 92,028 at the 2011 Census. It borders Stockton-on-Tees to the south and Redcar and Cleveland to the south-east along the line of the River Tees.
It is made up of 17 council wards and since the 1983 parliamentary redistribution is coterminous with the Hartlepool constituency. The local authority is Hartlepool Borough Council; the borough is a member of the Tees Valley combined authority.
The 2017–18 Biathlon World Cup – Sprint Women started on Friday 1 December 2017 in Östersund and will finish on Friday 23 March 2018 in Tyumen. The defending titlist is Gabriela Koukalová of the Czech Republic.
Herald is a single-player adventure video game, or "interactive period drama", for Microsoft Windows, macOS, and Linux.
It was the first game released by Wispfire, a Dutch indie studio located in the Dutch Game Garden, Utrecht. The company was founded by creative director Bart Heijltjes, writer Roy van der Schilden, artist Aïda de Ridder, and programmer Remko Haagsma. On March 31, 2017, Wispfire released a Patch that allows Herald to be played on Xbox 360, Xbox One and the Sony Dualshock 4 for PlayStation 4.As a mix of between an adventure game and a visual novel, Herald is a choice-driven adventure game with a branching narrative, where the player can choose how the main protagonist, Devan Rensburg, behaves and interacts with other characters, thus affecting the storyline.
Herald is episodic, with Book I and II were released on February 22, 2017, for Steam, GOG, Humble, and itch.io Stores. Book III and IV will tell the rest of Devan's voyage on the HLV Herald and is already in pre-production and is scheduled to be released at a later date.
On February 6, 2015, while still in development, Herald won the "Indie Prize Showcase for Best Narrative" and nominated for "Best Art" at Casual Connect, Amsterdam.Due to its theme on colonialism and other social and political issues, VALUE, a research group that studies the intersections of archaeology and video games, includes a chapter written by Roy van der Schilden and Bart Heijltjes about Herald and how Wispfire used history to create the game in their original book The Interactive Past.
James P. Springer served as a member of the 1859-1860 California State Assembly, representing the 3rd District.
Mats Arehn is a Swedish film director and screenwriter. At the 16th Guldbagge Awards he won the award for Best Film for To Be a Millionaire.
Malfrida (died 1000) was probably the Bohemian wife of the grand prince of Kiev Vladimir I of Kiev.
Primary Chronicle mentioned about a death of woman named Malfrida. Russian historian Vasily Tatishchev supposed that Malfrida was a Bohemian wife of Vladimir I of Kiev.
Bézier surfaces are a species of mathematical spline used in computer graphics, computer-aided design, and finite element modeling. 
As with Bézier curves, a Bézier surface is defined by a set of control points. Similar to interpolation in many respects, a key difference is that the surface does not, in general, pass through the central control points; rather, it  is "stretched" toward them as though each were an attractive force. They are  visually intuitive, and for many applications, mathematically convenient.
The Casadiella is a typical dessert from Asturias. It consists of a pastry made of wheat flour, flavored with Anis del Mono (Anisette) or wine, and filled with toasted hazelnuts or walnuts and sugar. They are mixed and they are fried together. The final shape is a tube approximately ten centimeters long with ends that are closed with a fork.
Keepie uppie, keep-ups or kick-ups is the skill of juggling with an association football using feet, lower legs, knees, chest, shoulders, and head, without allowing the ball to hit the ground. It is similar to Kemari, a game formerly practiced in the Japanese imperial court.
Modeh Ani (Hebrew: מודה אני; "I give thanks") is a Jewish prayer that observant Jews recite daily upon waking, while still in bed.
Montenegrin ( MON-tə-NEE-grən; crnogorski / црногорски) is a normative variety of the Serbo-Croatian language mainly used by Montenegrins and is the official language of Montenegro. Montenegrin is based on the most widespread dialect of Serbo-Croatian, Shtokavian, more specifically on Eastern Herzegovinian, which is also the basis of Standard Croatian, Serbian, and Bosnian.Montenegro's language has historically and traditionally been called either Serbian, Montenegrin, or "Our language". The idea of a standardized Montenegrin standard language separate from Serbian appeared in the 1990s during the breakup of Yugoslavia, through proponents of Montenegrin independence from the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro. Montenegrin became the official language of Montenegro with the ratification of a new constitution on 22 October 2007.
The 1922–23 Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey season was the 25th season of play for the program.
Hydrocinnamaldehyde is the organic compound with the formula C6H5CH2CH2CHO.  It is produced by the hydrogenation of cinnamaldehyde. The compound is used in many mechanistic studies. It is a common substrate in organic synthesis.
Tskneti (Georgian: წყნეთი) is an Urban-type settlement (Daba) in southwestern part of Tbilisi, Georgia, on the right bank of the river Mtkvari; it is part of the Vake District.
Chynowiec ([xɨˈnɔvjɛt͡s], Kashubian: Chinowsczi Folwark, German: Brandswerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Gniewino, 15 km (9 mi) west of Wejherowo, and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
The 2013 Ladies Tour of Qatar is the 5th edition of the Ladies Tour of Qatar. It is organised by the Qatar Cycling Federation with technical and sports-related assistance from Amaury Sport Organisation (A.S.O.) under the regulations of the Union Cycliste Internationale (category 2.1). It took place from Tuesday 29 January until Friday 1 February 2013 and consisted of 4 stages, one more stage than the former editions. 15 teams of 6 riders took part.All stages of the 2013 Ladies Tour of Qatar were live broadcast on TV station Al Jazeera.
The Satellite Award for Best Miniseries or Television Film was one of the annual Satellite Awards given by the International Press Academy.
The IPA separated these two categories from 1999 to 2010 and 2014 to 2015 as Best Miniseries and Best Television Film, respectively. While the awards would merge again for a third time in 2016, they would split again from 2017 onward.
Computer-aided sports scouting is the use of data analysis by computer to assist sports scouts to identify and recruit new talented players. Pioneers like Bill James began to analyze the data and apply mathematical principals and new non-conventional formulas to predict success and failures of a baseball player or team, a development called sabermetrics. The foundation of computer-aided scouting is statistics.
Scopula pallidilinea is a moth of the  family Geometridae. It is found in China (Hong Kong), Sundaland and the Philippines.
Shutonia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
The 1896–97 season was Burslem Port Vale's first season of football (third overall) back in the Midland League following a four season stay in the Football League. The first half of the season saw low crowds and poor results, the consequence of which led to discussions about dissolving the club. However the club returned from the brink, as a new committee was formed, with Edward Oliver installed as chairman and Sam Gleaves appointed club secretary. Good results and large crowds followed in the second half of the campaign, and the club finished in seventh-place and narrowly missed out on re-election to the Football League. Vale were beaten by Football League opposition in the fifth qualification round in the FA Cup, whilst exiting the Birmingham Senior Cup, Staffordshire Senior Cup and Wellingborough Cup in the early stages, though they did beat Football League side Walsall in the latter competition. They won the Staffordshire Senior Charity Cup after beating Dresden United 3–0.
Basil George Watson (12 October 1894 – 28 March 1917) was an Australian aviation pioneer.
Born in Bendigo, the only son of Mr and Mrs James I. Watson, and grandson of John Boyd Watson, he died when his aeroplane crashed in Port Phillip Bay on 28 March 1917, and was buried at Boroondara General Cemetery, Kew, two days later.
Cybalobotys nyasalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Koen V. N. Maes in 2001. It is found in Malawi.
Cypress Park is a five-acre neighborhood park in southwestern Newbury Park, California. Acquired in 1969, the land was developed into a community park in 1973 with a baseball field, a playground, picnic tables, and bleachers. It is owned and operated by the Conejo Recreation & Park District (CRPD). Situated immediately south of Cypress Elementary School, the park is also home to several ponds and smaller creeks. It is used for bird-observations, recreational activities, picnicking, and camping.Located in southern Newbury Park, the park is within walking distance of Del Prado Playfield, Dos Vientos Ranch Park, Potrero Ridge Open Space, and the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area by Rancho Sierra Vista.The nearby Cypress Elementary School is home to the original school bell which belonged to the 1889 Timber School.
Paolo Valagussa (born 16 May 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Caratese.
Katy, la Oruga ("Katy, the Caterpillar") is a special single by Lucerito, this single was a gift for the purchase of the Discopóster Magazine. First edition was released on 1984. The songs from this single were included in the soundtrack of the Spanish-Mexican animated film of 1984 produced by Fabian Arnaud and directed by José Luis Moro and Santiago Moro and is based from an original story by Silvia Roche.
Castello Caracciolo (Italian for Caracciolo Castle)  is a  Middle Ages castle in Tocco da Casauria, Province of Pescara (Abruzzo).
Teien Township is a township in Kittson County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 85 at the 2000 census.
Minnesota State Highways 11 and 220 are two of the main routes in the township.
Teien Township was organized in 1882, and named for Andrew C. Teien, an early settler.
Villar-d'Arêne (French pronunciation: ​[vilaʁ daʁɛn]; Occitan: Vilars d'Arena) is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France, between Grenoble and Briançon. It is in the French Alps, in Massif des Écrins. Near this village located in the Romanche valley, there is La Grave and Col du Lautaret. The access of the valley and its communes is departmental route 1091 (ex-national route 91) (Grenoble – Le Bourg-d'Oisans – Briançon).
Mont Blanc (French: Mont Blanc [mɔ̃ blɑ̃]; Italian: Monte Bianco [ˈmonte ˈbjaŋko], both meaning "white mountain") is the highest mountain in the Alps and Western Europe, rising 4,807.81 m (15,774 ft) above sea level. It is the second-most prominent mountain in Europe, after Mount Elbrus, and it is the eleventh most prominent mountain summit in the world. The mountain stands between the regions of Aosta Valley, Italy, and Savoie and Haute-Savoie, France. It gives its name to the Mont Blanc massif, bordering Switzerland and forming part of a larger range referred to as the Graian Alps. The location of the summit of Mont Blanc is on the watershed line between the valleys of Ferret and Veny in Italy and the valleys of Montjoie, and Arve in France, on the border between the two countries. Ownership of the summit area has long been a subject of historical dispute between the two countries.
The Mont Blanc massif is popular for outdoor activities like hiking, climbing, trail running and winter sports like skiing, and snowboarding. The most popular climbing route to the summit of Mont Blanc is the Goûter Route, which typically takes two days.
The three towns and their communes which surround Mont Blanc are Courmayeur in Aosta Valley, Italy; and Saint-Gervais-les-Bains and Chamonix in Haute-Savoie, France. The latter town was the site of the first Winter Olympics. A cable car ascends and crosses the mountain range from Courmayeur to Chamonix, through the Col du Géant. The 11.6 km (7+1⁄4-mile) Mont Blanc Tunnel, constructed between 1957 and 1965, runs beneath the mountain and is a major transalpine transport route.
There are tens of thousands of Sudanese refugees in Egypt, most of them seeking refuge from ongoing military conflicts  in their home country of Sudan. Their official status as refugees is highly disputed, and they have been subject to racial discrimination and police violence.
They live among a much larger population of Sudanese migrants in Egypt, more than 55000 people of Sudanese nationality (by most estimates; between 55000 to 77000 who live in Egypt. The U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants believes many more of these migrants are in fact refugees, but see little benefit in seeking recognition.
Egypt employs a "shoot to stop" policy against refugees attempting to continue to Israel. According to Human Rights Watch, over 50 refugees, including women and children, have been shot by Egyptian border guards since 2007.
The General Catalogue of Stellar Radial Velocities is a star catalogue which lists radial velocities for 15,107 stars.  It was compiled by Ralph Elmer Wilson and published by the Carnegie Institution of Washington in 1953.  Many of the velocity measurements were made at Mount Wilson Observatory.
Kundakka Mandakka is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language comedy film directed by Ashokan and produced by SG Films. The film stars Parthiban, Vadivelu, Raai Laxmi, and Mallika in the lead roles. The music was composed by Bharathwaj, while editing was done by Suresh Urs. The film released on 14 October 2005.
Edward John Carlos  (12 February 1798 – 20 January 1851) was an English writer on architecture, and the author of many articles for The Gentleman's Magazine.
Mesoderm development LRP chaperone, or MESD, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MESD gene.
Diana Department Store (Thai: ไดอาน่า ดีพาร์ทเมนท์สโตร์) is a chain of department stores in southern Thailand.
The company has three stores: two in Hat Yai, Songkhla Province, and one in Pattani. It also has a chain of Di-Mart convenience stores in Songkhla and Pattani.
In 2006, Diana Department Store was exit from SET, company sold under backdoor of DragonOne company. The old SET code was DIANA.
The 2014–15 Sunfoil Series was a first-class cricket competition held in South Africa from 25 September 2014 to 29 March 2015. Lions won the tournament for the first time after completing a 188 run victory in the final over against Dolphins cricket team in the penultimate round of the competition.
The attack on Pearl Harbor was a surprise military strike by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service upon the United States against the naval base at Pearl Harbor in Honolulu, Territory of Hawaii, just before 08:00, on Sunday, December 7, 1941. The United States was a neutral country at the time; the attack led to its formal entry into World War II the next day. The Japanese military leadership referred to the attack as the Hawaii Operation and Operation AI, and as Operation Z during its planning.Japan intended the attack as a preventive action. Its aim was to prevent the United States Pacific Fleet from interfering with its planned military actions in Southeast Asia against overseas territories of the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and those of the United States. Over the course of seven hours there were coordinated Japanese attacks on the U.S.-held Philippines, Guam, and Wake Island and on the British Empire in Malaya, Singapore, and Hong Kong.The attack commenced at 7:48 a.m. Hawaiian Time (18:18 GMT). The base was attacked by 353 Imperial Japanese aircraft (including fighters, level and dive bombers, and torpedo bombers) in two waves, launched from six aircraft carriers. Of the eight U.S. Navy battleships present, all were damaged, with four sunk. All but USS Arizona were later raised, and six were returned to service and went on to fight in the war. The Japanese also sank or damaged three cruisers, three destroyers, an anti-aircraft training ship, and one minelayer. A total of 188 U.S. aircraft were destroyed; 2,403 Americans were killed and 1,178 others were wounded. Important base installations such as the power station, dry dock, shipyard, maintenance, and fuel and torpedo storage facilities, as well as the submarine piers and headquarters building (also home of the intelligence section) were not attacked. Japanese losses were light: 29 aircraft and five midget submarines lost, and 64 servicemen killed. Kazuo Sakamaki, the commanding officer of one of the submarines, was captured.Japan announced declarations of war on the United States and the British Empire later that day (December 8 in Tokyo), but the declarations were not delivered until the following day. The British government declared war on Japan immediately after learning that their territory had also been attacked, while the following day (December 8) the United States Congress declared war on Japan. On December 11, though they had no formal obligation to do so under the Tripartite Pact with Japan, Germany and Italy each declared war on the U.S., which responded with a declaration of war against Germany and Italy. There were numerous historical precedents for the unannounced military action by Japan, but the lack of any formal warning, particularly while peace negotiations were still apparently ongoing, led President Franklin D. Roosevelt to proclaim December 7, 1941, "a date which will live in infamy". Because the attack happened without a declaration of war and without explicit warning, the attack on Pearl Harbor was later judged in the Tokyo Trials to be a war crime.
The VESA Local Bus (usually abbreviated to VL-Bus or VLB) is a short-lived expansion bus introduced during the i486 generation of x86 IBM-compatible personal computers. Created by VESA (Video Electronics Standards Association), the VESA Local Bus worked alongside the then-dominant ISA bus to provide a standardized high-speed conduit intended primarily to accelerate video (graphics) operations. VLB provides a standardized fast path that add-in (video) card makers could tap for greatly accelerated memory-mapped I/O and DMA, while still using the familiar ISA bus to handle basic device duties such as interrupts and port-mapped I/O.
Statistics of Campeonato da 1ª Divisão do Futebol in the 1997 season.
Fredenbeck is a Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the district of Stade, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat is in the village Fredenbeck.
semaZen  (2002) is a 3D animation by Genco Gulan with a runtime of 2 minutes and 37 seconds. The video features a computer generated model of the artist, dressed in traditional Sufi clothing, weaved from the inside and outside the head in a constant loop which is unified with a continuous count to 41, in English and Turkish. The number 41 has a significance, as it is the number of times the God's name must be repeated in dhikr.
Semazen is the name for Whirling Dervishes in Sufi tradition. Gulan states that he was influenced by the software he used for creating 3D models. Software reminded him the constant revolve of the Whirling Dervishes and the tides between the inner and outer self.
Upendo Ni Pamoja is an album by the pianist Ramsey Lewis, recorded in 1972. It was his first release for the Columbia label, after a decade with Chess Records in Chicago.
Roger B. Turner Jr. is a United States Marine Corps major general who has served as the Commanding General of the 1st Marine Division since September 22, 2020. Previously, he served as the Commanding General of the Marine Air-Ground Task Force Training Command and Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center from 2018 to September 10, 2020.
The Beast Master is a science fiction novel by American writer Andre Norton, published by Harcourt in 1959. It inaugurated the Beast Master series, or Hosteen Storm series after the main character.  In German-language translation it was published as Der Letzte der Navajos (de: Arthur Moewig Verlag, 1963) —literally, The Last of the Navajo.
Norton wrote one sequel published in 1962 and three by Andre Norton and Lyn McConchie of New Zealand were published forty years later, one of them after Norton's 2005 death. According to McConchie, they were "written solely by Lyn from a brief collaborated outline." The first two latterday sequels were named the year's best novel by New Zealand science fiction fans (Sir Julius Vogel Award).
and weather presenter. He has appeared in numerous stage musicals, and played the role of Lenny Wallace in BBC's EastEnders. In 2007, he became the weatherman for BBC's East Midlands Today but was sacked in 2011 for breaching on-air guidelines. In 2016, he joined ITV Central's ITV News Central as the weather presenter.
Morten Høglund (born 16 July 1965 in Ski, Norway) is a Norwegian politician representing the Progress Party. He is currently a representative of Akershus in the Storting and was first elected in 2001. Høglund was the vice-mayor of Ski between 1989 and 1991, and then held the same position in Asker from 1995 to 2003.
Sacaca is a village located in the Potosí Department of Bolivia. It is the capital of the Sacaca Canton, Sacaca Municipality and Alonso de Ibáñez Province.
Ara Nazhika Neram (Half an Hour Only) is a Malayalam novel written by Parappurath in 1967. One of the most famous novels by the prolific author, it won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award and Sahitya Pravartaka Award. Set in the Central Travancore region in the 1960s, the story revolved round an Orthodox Christian family headed by Kunjenachan, a ninety-year-old patriarch who lives his life by The Book. The novel had a highly successful film adaptation with the same title in 1970. The film was directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and featured Prem Nazir, Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair, Sathyan, K. P. Ummer, Adoor Bhasi, Ragini, Sheela and Ambika Sukumaran.
Vega Intl. Night School is the third album by American electronic music band Neon Indian. It was released on October 16, 2015, by Mom + Pop Music. The album title was an intentional nod to Alan Palomo's other music project, titled Vega, for which he has produced only a single EP. Noticing that ideas from both Neon Indian and Vega were merging, Palomo decided to combine the two projects into one and retire the use of the Vega moniker.
Steamboat is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. It lies along Carberry Creek, a tributary of the Applegate River, in the Rogue River – Siskiyou National Forest. Slightly west of Steamboat is the Jackson–Josephine county border, and the border with California is about 6 miles (10 km) to the south.According to Oregon Geographic Names (OGN), the name Steamboat derives from a mining term, "steamboated", meaning worked out or not up to expectations. Steamboat Mine is slightly northeast of Steamboat.  The community had a post office named Steamboat that operated from 1888 to 1915.Other geographic features in the state have been similarly named, for example Steamboat Mountain near Steamboat and Steamboat Creek in the Calapooya Mountains. The creek is associated with another unincorporated community named Steamboat in Douglas County.
The Union nationale des associations de défense des familles et de l'individu (UNADFI) is a French anti-cult association founded in 1974, recognized as a public utility association by a decree of 30 April 1996, and directly subsidized by the French State. It gathers and coordinates the Associations de Défense des Familles et de l'Individu (ADFI), whose purpose is to acquire information on the cult phenomenon, with prevention and assistance for its victims.
In 1992, Janine Tavernier was the president of the association. But, in 2001 she resigned and began to criticize it. She was first replaced by Bernard Le Heritte, then in 2004 by Socialist deputy Catherine Picard. As of 31 December 2004, UNADFI was composed of 26 ADFI associations and totaled 1,520 member families. The association is currently member of the Union nationale des associations familiales (UNAF)., as well as the FECRIS, an international anti-cult organization.
The association is sponsored by various ministries, including the Ministry of Youth and Sport and by social affairs, as well as by various communes and departments totalling 450 000 euros in 2002, over 80% of its budget.The association publishes a magazine named BULLES (Bulletin de liaison pour l'étude des sectes), which criticizes many groups, including those which were listed in the 1995 Parliamentary Commission on Cults in France report, and many others (The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Community of the Beatitudes).
Ratan Parimoo (born 1936 in Srinagar, Kashmir) is one of the major art historians and painters of modern India. He was for a long time professor of Art History at the M.S. University in Vadodara. He is married to the artist Naina Dalal.
Ratan Parimoo was one of the founder members of Baroda GroupHis paintings are included in the collection of India's National Gallery of Modern Art.
"Cannot Be Saved" is the third single by Welsh rock band The Automatic, taken from their third album Tear the Signs Down. The single was released on 20 June 2010 as a digital download.
Malcolm Yates (c. 1957 – 15 February 1997) was an English rugby league footballer who played as a prop. Yates began his career at his home town club Leigh and went on to play for Salford and Warrington. He also won representative honours with Lancashire.
The Unauthorized Melrose Place Story is a 2015 television drama film directed by Mark Griffiths and written by Dana Schmalenberg. The film stars Ciara Hanna, Frank Rose Bailey IV, Ryan Bruce, Chloe McClay, Chelsea Hobbs, Joseph John Coleman and Brandon Barash. The film premiered on Lifetime on October 10, 2015.
Chvrches (stylised CHVRCHΞS and pronounced "Churches") are a Scottish synth-pop trio from Glasgow, formed in September 2011. The band consists of Lauren Mayberry, Iain Cook, Martin Doherty and, unofficially since 2018, Jonny Scott. Mostly deriving from the synth-pop genre, Chvrches also incorporate indietronica, indie pop, and electronic dance into their sound.
Two years after their formation, Chvrches released Recover EP in March 2013, which included hits "The Mother We Share" and "Recover". Their debut studio album, The Bones of What You Believe, was released on 20 September 2013, while the band was ranked fifth on the Sound of 2013 list by the BBC. Two years later, on 25 September 2015, the group released their second album, Every Open Eye. Their third album, Love Is Dead, was released on 25 May 2018. Their fourth album, Screen Violence, was released on 27 August 2021.
Co-founded in 1979 by Gloria Steinem and Kristina Kiehl, Voters for Choice was the United States's largest independent, nonpartisan,  pro-choice political action committee. Its mission was to raise money and promote policies to maintain safe, legal and accessible abortion services for all women, regardless of geographical location, age or economic status. Based in Washington, D.C., its main agenda was to elect candidates who support a person's right to make decisions regarding abortion, contraception, and child-bearing without government interference.As part of this work, Voters for Choice testified for and against candidates for the Supreme Court of the United States and endorsed candidates for public office. During the 1991–1992 election cycle, Voters for Choice gave $265,000 to pro-choice candidates, 89% going to Democrats. At their peak, they raised about $1.2 million per year.The Planned Parenthood Action Fund merged with Voters for Choice for the 2004 United States Presidential election.
Drosera madagascariensis is a carnivorous plant of the sundew genus (Drosera). It was described in 1824 by A. P. de Candolle and is native to Africa.
The Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) is a bachelor's degree in  business administration.
In the United States, the degree is conferred after four years of full-time study in one or more areas of business concentrations. In Europe, the degree is conferred after three years of full-time study in one or more areas of business concentrations. The BBA program usually includes general business courses and advanced courses for specific concentrations.
The Institute of Scientific and Technical Research for Defense (Spanish: Instituto de Investigaciones Científicas y Técnicas para la Defensa, also known for its acronym CITEDEF), is an Argentine federal agency in charge of research and development in various scientific fields. It is also in charge of homologation of weaponry.
Located in the Villa Martelli district of Greater Buenos Aires, CITEDEF is one of the scientific and technological organisms that depend on the Ministry of Defense and its Secretary of Planning. It is also a part of the "Constituyentes Technological Hub" along with other institutions such as the Atomic Energy National Commission (CNEA), the University of San Martín (UNSAM) and the National Institute of Industrial Technology (INTI), among others.
CITEDEF currently develops a series of projects that give it an edge on research and technology at a regional level. It is the first link of the productive chain within the Production Industry for Defense through the implementation of scientific research and technological development programs, plans and projects mainly for the Armed Forces, Military Manufactures (Fabricaciones Militares) and the Airplane Argentine Factory. All activity is developed within the technological - scientific political frame issued by the Ministry of Defense authorities.
Twyn Llech, also known as Black Mountain, is a mountain in the Black Mountains. It is the only Marilyn to fall exactly on the Welsh–English border, straddling Brecknockshire (currently administered as part of the unitary authority of Powys) and Herefordshire. Its parent peak, Waun Fach, lies to the west.
Actinoplanes lichenis is a bacterium from the genus of Actinoplanes which has been isolated from lichen in Thailand.
Ola Värmlänning was a drunken prankster whose legendary exploits were once very popular among the Swedish-American communities of Minnesota. A Swedish language book about him is in the collections of the Minnesota Historical Society.
A leotard () is a unisex skin-tight one-piece garment that covers the torso from the crotch to the shoulder. The garment was made famous by the French acrobatic performer Jules Léotard (1838–1870). There are sleeveless, short-sleeved, and long-sleeved leotards. A variation is the unitard, which also covers the legs.
Leotards are worn by acrobats, gymnasts, dancers, figure skaters, athletes, actors, wrestlers, and circus performers both as practice garments and performance costumes. They are often worn with ballet skirts on top and tights or sometimes bike shorts as underwear. As a casual garment, a leotard can be worn with a belt; it can also be worn under overalls or short skirts.
Leotards are entered by stepping into the legs and pulling the sleeves over the shoulders. Scoop-necked leotards have wide neck openings and are held in place by the elasticity of the garment. Others are crew necked or polo necked and close at the back of the neck with a zipper or snaps.
The honorary citizenship of the city of Vilnius, Lithuania has been awarded to 20 people since Lithuania regained independence in 1990.
Gondwanothrix halsei is a species of small crustaceans (ca. 1.0–1.3 millimetres or 0.039–0.051 inches) within the order Anomopoda, placed in its own family, Gondwanotrichidae. It exists in a macrotrichid habitus found in humic coastal dune lakes and swamps in southwest Western Australia. The species' type locality is Angove Lake in the Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve (34°56′32″S 118°9′54″E).
Anjali Menon is an Indian filmmaker and screenwriter who predominantly works in Malayalam cinema. Anjali has won international, national and state awards for her work and is best known for her feature films Manjadikuru, Kerala Cafe (Happy Journey), Ustad Hotel, Bangalore Days and Koode. 
She is counted among the change agents in Indian cinema whose work gets attention from the audience and the critics. Anjali is the founder of Little Films  a film company based in Mumbai and Kerala that produces fiction and non-fiction works. Anjali is one of the founders of the Women in Cinema Collective (WCC), an organization that focuses on gender equality in the Malayalam film industry.
Anauxesis rufa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1948.
The War in Abkhazia in 1998 took place in the Gali district of Abkhazia, after ethnic Georgians launched an insurgency against the Abkhazian secessionist government. The conflict is sometimes referred to as the Six-Day War of Abkhazia; however, this name only takes into account the Abkhazian offensive that lasted from 20 to 26 May 1998, while hostilities and insurgent attacks had already occurred before that date.
Santa Nella is small village and census-designated place in Merced County, California. It is located 11 miles (18 km) east-northeast of Pacheco Pass, at an elevation of 154 feet (47 m), At the 2010 census, Santa Nella had a population of 1,380 people.
Yeremiah Neavius Bell (born March 3, 1978) is a former American football safety who played in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Eastern Kentucky and was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the sixth round of the 2003 NFL Draft.
He also played for the New York Jets and Arizona Cardinals.
The men's  80 kg competition of the taekwondo events at the 2013 Mediterranean Games took place on the 22 of June at the Edip Buran Arena.
Malcolm Darroch (2 September 1938 – 12 February 1985) was a Scottish amateur football inside forward who played in the Scottish League for Queen's Park. He was capped by Scotland at amateur level.
The 2003 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship (known for sponsorship reasons as the Guinness Hurling Championship) was the 117th since its establishment in 1887. The first matches of the season were played in May 2003, and the championship ended on 14 September 2003. Kilkenny went into the 2003 championship as defending champions, having won their twenty-seventh All-Ireland title the previous year.
The championship culminated with the All-Ireland final, held at Croke Park, Dublin. The match was contested by Kilkenny and Cork. It was their first meeting in the final since 1999. Kilkenny won the game by 1-14 to 1-11. It was their second All-Ireland title in succession.
Tinea conferta is a species of moth in the family Tineidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1914. However the placement of this species within the genus Tinea is in doubt. As a result, this species has been referred to as Tinea (s.l.) conferta. This species is endemic to New Zealand.
The Belgian military ranks are the military insignia used by the Belgian Armed Forces.
The Loehle Sport Parasol is an American single-seat, parasol winged, single engine, ultralight aircraft produced in kit form by Loehle Aircraft for amateur construction. The aircraft meets the requirements of the US FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles regulations.When the design was introduced to the market it garnered a high degree of attention for its very low kit price, although the initial price did not include the engine, propeller, instruments or covering supplies. Even in 2010 it remains one of the lower cost kit aircraft.
Maru Daba (born 12 December 1980) is a retired Ethiopian long-distance runner, who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase. He represented Ethiopia at the 2000 Sydney Olympics and at the 1999 World Championships in Athletics.
His personal best time is 8:25.04 minutes, achieved in June 2003 in Rennes.
At the 1998 IAAF World Cross Country Championships in Marrakech Daba finished tenth in the short race and won a bronze medal with the Ethiopian team.
Genius Loves Company is the final studio album by rhythm and blues and soul musician Ray Charles, posthumously released August 31, 2004, on Concord Records. Recording sessions for the album took place between June 2003 and March 2004.  The album consists of rhythm and blues, soul, country, blues, jazz and pop standards performed by Charles and several guest musicians, such as Natalie Cole, Elton John, James Taylor, Norah Jones, B.B. King, Gladys Knight, Diana Krall, Van Morrison, Willie Nelson and Bonnie Raitt. Genius Loves Company was the last album recorded and completed by Charles before his death in June 2004.
The album was produced by Concord A&R man, John Burk, who approached Charles with the concept of a duets album for a collaboration of Concord Records and Hear Music, the record label owned by the coffee chain Starbucks. It served as the first original non-compilation release by Hear Music, as well as one of Ray Charles' most commercially successful albums. On February 2, 2005, Genius Loves Company was certified triple-platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America following sales of over three million copies in the United States. It also became Charles' second to reach number one on the Billboard 200, after Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music (1962). On February 13, 2005, the album was awarded eight Grammy Awards including Album of the Year and Record of the Year.
James Metcalfe Campbell Bower (born 22 November 1988) is an English actor, singer, and model. He is best known for his roles as Anthony Hope in Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, Caius in The Twilight Saga, the young Gellert Grindelwald in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1 and Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald, Jace Wayland in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones and playwright Kit Marlowe in the short-lived series Will.
Bower is also the lead vocalist, guitarist and founding member of Counterfeit, a band formed in 2015 in London.
The Yazoo Pass expedition was a joint operation of Major General Ulysses S. Grant's Army of the Tennessee and Rear Admiral David D. Porter's Mississippi River Squadron in the Vicksburg campaign of the American Civil War. Grant's objective was to get his troops into a flanking position against the Rebel defenders. The expedition was an effort to bypass the Confederate defenses on the bluffs near the city by using the backwaters of the Mississippi Delta as a route from the Mississippi River to the Yazoo River. Once on the Yazoo, the Army would be able to cross the river unopposed and thus achieve their goal. The operation would require a deep penetration into enemy territory that was dominated by water, so cooperation between the two services was necessary. The Army was led by Brigadier General Leonard F. Ross. Naval commander was Lieutenant Commander Watson Smith, who was in extremely poor health; his health was an important factor in the ultimate failure of the expedition.
The expedition began on February 3, 1863 with the breaching of a levee on the Mississippi River, allowing water to flow from the river into a former channel that connected with the Yazoo River through a series of other waterways. The attacking fleet passed through the cut into Moon Lake, through the Yazoo Pass to the Coldwater River, and then into the Tallahatchie, which combines with the Yalobusha to form the Yazoo River, which met the Mississippi a short distance above Vicksburg. From the start, the expedition was delayed by natural obstacles that were more serious than the perfunctory Confederate resistance, so forward motion was as little as ten miles (16 km) a day. Because progress was so slow, the Confederate Army under Lieutenant General John C. Pemberton was able to set up a fort and block passage of the Federal fleet near the town of Greenwood, Mississippi. The Federal fleet did not approach the fort until March 11; then, the ironclad gunboats of the fleet were repulsed in a series of gunfire exchanges on three separate days. Because of the nature of the ground, much of which was under water, the Army troops present could not contribute significantly to the battle.
Following the third repulse on March 16, Lieutenant Commander Smith's health failed him completely, and he turned command over to Lieutenant Commander James P. Foster. Foster and Ross decided to withdraw to the Mississippi. They were temporarily persuaded to try again when they met reinforcements for the Army, but they resumed their retreat when the new army commander, Brigadier General Isaac F. Quinby, saw the futility of further attacks. The entire force had returned by April 12, and the expedition was over.
Yatrik, a 1952 Indian film directed by Kartick Chatterjee, depicts a group of pilgrims on an arduous trek in the high Himalayas. It is the Hindi-language version of the Bengali film Mahaprasthaner Pathey, the film made from the book of the same name, written by Prabodh Kumar Sanyal. Abhi Bhattacharya plays a young brahmachari, while Arundhati Mukherjee plays Rani, a strong-willed young widow who develops a soft corner for him. The film contains many sweet and memorable songs. A part of the film was shot at the Garhwal region in the Himalayas. There are stills and videos of famous places of the Uttarakhand (then Uttar Pradesh) Himalayas like Rishikesh, Devaprayag, Kedarnath, etc.
"Good as Gold" is a special mini-episode of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who that was first broadcast on CBBC (as part of Blue Peter) on 24 May 2012. It was written via a competition (Script to Screen) in which junior schools were asked to write a script including the Eleventh Doctor (Matt Smith) and an enemy of his. The competition was won by the children of Ashdene School. The mini-episode also featured Karen Gillan as Amy Pond.
The first Doctor Who Script to Screen special was "Death Is the Only Answer", which was broadcast as part of Doctor Who Confidential.
Abbas Tyrewala (born 15 May 1974) is an Indian film screenwriter and director. After making his mark as a screenwriter and dialogue writer in early 2000s, with award-winning films like Maqbool (2003), Munnabhai M.B.B.S. (2003), he made his debut as a director in 2008 with a breezy romantic comedy, Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na, an A. R. Rahman musical.
Irina Nikolaevna Belova (Russian: Ирина Николаевна Белова; née Ilyichova born 27 March 1968 in Angarsk) is a retired heptathlete from Russia. In her early career she represented USSR, with a fourth place at the 1990 European Championships and a bronze medal at the 1991 World Championships. Her career highlight came in 1992 as she won an Olympic silver medal. In February the same year she set the world record in indoor pentathlon with 4991 points. She originally won the pentathlon at the 1993 World Indoor Championships, but failed a drug test and received a four-year suspension. Upon returning she won two silver medals at the European and World Indoor Championships respectively. She retired after the 2001 season.
In the Israel Defense Forces (IDF), a lone soldier (Hebrew: חַיָּל בּוֹדֵד, Ḥayal Boded) is defined as a serviceman or woman without immediate family in Israel. Lone soldiers serve in regular units and receive various forms of support from the IDF, Israeli government ministries and other organizations. Their exact number fluctuates over time, but is consistently in the thousands; the Jewish Telegraphic Agency reported in April 2012, that there were an "estimated 5,000". About 40% of them serve in combat units. They are generally either non-Israelis of Jewish background volunteering under the Mahal or Tzofim Garin Tzabar programmes, or immigrants under the Law of Return, although other possibilities exist (e.g. orphaned natives). According to an IDF spokeswoman, 8,217 personnel born outside Israel enlisted between 2009 and August 2012. The most represented countries of origin were Russia and the United States, with 1,685 and 1,661 recruits respectively.Lone soldiers receive a higher basic salary from the IDF, as well as financial assistance from the Ministry of Immigrant Absorption and the Ministry of Housing and Construction. They are also given help with housing, and the right to extra time off, including 30 days per year to visit family overseas.Organizations that help lone soldiers include the Lone Soldier Center in memory of Michael Levin, The Benji Hillman Foundation which offers housing and guidance for lone soldiers in Ra'anana, The FIDF/NBN Lone Soldiers Program, Jewish Agency and Chayal el Chayal. The Lone Soldier Center, which is open 24 hours a day, assists lone soldiers and their families overseas, provides meals on the Jewish Sabbath (Shabbat) and Jewish holidays, gives lone soldiers educational and social opportunities, and, where needed, helps them find adoptive families in Israel. The FIDF/NBN provides solutions caring for all immigrants and lone soldiers at all stages of the process: prior to arrival in Israel, prior to recruitment, throughout military service and after release from the IDF (if the released soldier remains in Israel as a civilian). Chayal el Chayal offers an at-home environment for future, present and past lone soldiers. They provide lodging, meals on the Jewish Sabbath and Jewish holidays, equipment and care packages, and items related to Judaism such as prayer-books and shawls.
Where a soldier's parents live in Israel, but he or she is not in contact with them, it is possible for him or her to be designated an "irregular lone soldier". In early 2011, The Jerusalem Post reported that about 46% of the approximately 5,000 lone soldiers in the military at that time had family in Israel, but were estranged from them. An IDF adviser to lone soldiers told Arutz Sheva in 2012 that most of these were youths from Haredi religious backgrounds, shunned by their families for joining the army. Irregular lone soldier status can also be given if both of an IDF soldier's parents are working abroad for the Israeli government. If a soldier marries while serving in the IDF, he or she loses lone soldier status. A lone soldier's benefits are also at risk if his or her parents themselves move to Israel.
The 1992 Ball State Cardinals football team was an American football team that represented Ball State University in the Mid-American Conference (MAC) during the 1992 NCAA Division I-A football season. In its eighth season under head coach Paul Schudel, the team compiled a 5–6 record (5–4 against conference opponents) and finished in sixth place out of ten teams in the MAC. The team played its home games at Ball State Stadium in Muncie, Indiana.
The team's statistical leaders included Mike Neu with 1,628 passing yards, Corey Croom with 1,157 rushing yards, Brian Oliver with 423 receiving yards, and Mark Swart with 45 points scored.
Luca Ion Caragiale (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈluka iˈon karaˈd͡ʒjale]; also known as Luki, Luchi or Luky Caragiale; 3 July 1893 – 7 June 1921) was a Romanian poet, novelist and translator, whose contributions were a synthesis of Symbolism, Parnassianism and modernist literature. His career, cut short by pneumonia, mostly produced lyric poetry with cosmopolitan characteristics, distinct preferences for neologisms and archaisms, and willing treatment of kitsch as a poetic subject. These subjects were explored in various poetic forms, ranging from the conventionalism of formes fixes, some of which were by then obsolete, to the rebellious adoption of free verse. His poetry earned posthumous critical attention and was ultimately collected in a 1972 edition, but sparked debates among literary historians about the author's contextual importance.
The son of dramatist Ion Luca Caragiale and the half-brother of writer Mateiu Caragiale, Luca also became the son-in-law of communist militant Alexandru Dobrogeanu-Gherea. It was with Alexandru's brother, philosopher Ionel Gherea, that Luca wrote his work of collaborative fiction and sole novel. Titled Nevinovățiile viclene ("The Cunning Naïvetés"), it created controversy with its portrayal of adolescent love. Here and in his various modernist poems, Caragiale made a point of questioning established perceptions of love and romance.
Vitaly Samoshko (Ukrainian: Віталій Самошко, Vitaliy Samoshko; born 1973 in Kharkiv) is a Ukrainian pianist. He settled in Belgium in 2001.
His first significant achievement was a 6th prize at the 1992 Sydney International Piano Competition. He was subsequently awarded 2nd prizes at the 1993 Concorso Busoni, the 1996 Concours de Montreal and the 1998 Arthur Rubinstein Competition before winning the 1999 Queen Elisabeth Competition. He has built an international concert career since.
Appasamy Navaneethakrishnan is an Indian politician and lawyer. He is a Member of Parliament, representing Tamil Nadu in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of India's Parliament.He is the leader of the AIADMK party in the Rajya Sabha. He was the earlier the Advocate General of Tamil Nadu.He was the defence lawyer for Jayalalithaa in various corruption cases.
Fight OUT Loud is a non-profit organization in the United States aimed to empower LGBT individuals. Fight OUT Loud was established in 2007.
Pavarana (Sanskrit: Pravāraṇā) is a Buddhist holy day celebrated on Aashvin full moon of the  lunar month. It marks the end of the 3 lunar months of Vassa, sometimes called "Buddhist Lent." The day is marked in some Asian countries where Theravada Buddhism is practiced. On this day, each monk (Pali: bhikkhu) must come before the community of monks (Sangha) and atone for an offense he may have committed during the Vassa.
Mahayana Buddhists also observe Vassa, many Son/Thien monks in Korea and Vietnam observe an equivalent retreat of three months of intensive practice in one location.
Mbare is a suburb in the south of Harare, Zimbabwe. Founded in 1907 as a township, it includes an informal settlement. Mbare Musika is the largest farm produce market in Zimbabwe.
Jaanus is an Estonian masculine given name, a version of John.People named Jaanus include:
Mordellistenochroa fallaciosa is a beetle in the genus Mordellistenochroa of the family Mordellidae. It was described in 1969 by Ermisch.
Charles Basil Foster (17 January 1923 – 23 April 2017) was an English-born Canadian publicist, newspaper editor, author and songwriter.
He was born in Cheshire, England. During World War II he was a pilot with the Royal Air Force. The RAF sent him to a base in Alberta, Canada for flight training and while on leave he visited  Hollywood. There, he met Sidney Olcott, a Canadian-born silent film star who introduced him to numerous other expatriate Canadian actors in Hollywood including Mary Pickford. After the war, Foster used these contacts to begin a career as a publicist in London and in Hollywood, working for such well-known performers as Marilyn Monroe, Richard Burton, Boris Karloff, Errol Flynn and Benny Hill. He was also a songwriter, contributing such titles as "Goodnight Till Tomorrow" (as Basil Foster) for Issy Bonn and others. Foster later became a writer for comedians in the 1960s including Bob Hope and Jack Benny and contributed scripts to a number of 1960s sitcoms including The Beverly Hillbillies.
He returned to Canada in the 1960s where he became editor at the Brampton Times and Conservator. In the 1970s he worked as a speechwriter for the Canadian Government, and eventually came to Riverview, New Brunswick, where he resided until his death. There, he begin as newspaper editor for the Moncton Free Press. In his retirement he delved into his remarkable store of memories to publish three books on Canadians in Hollywood: Stardust and Shadows (about the silent film era), and Once Upon a Time in Paradise (about the period from the late 1920s to the 1950s), and most recent book, Donald Brian: the King of Broadway, about the nearly forgotten performer Donald Brian.
For nearly a decade he has contributed monthly articles to the Seniors Advocate in Halifax, Nova Scotia. He wrote more than 100 articles for the bi-weekly Albert County Chronicle, a community newspaper, until it ceased publication in 2010. In 2010-2011, he had articles published in 21 magazines and newspapers in Canada, the United States, England, and Australia. His autobiography, From Old Hollywood to New Brunswick, was released in November 2013.
As the original publicist for the world's longest running play, Agatha Christie's The Mousetrap, in London, England, he prepared a 60-page booklet of memories of Christie and the early days of the play for the 60th anniversary performance, in September 2012.
The San Lorenzo march is an Argentine military march, whose lyrics celebrate the role played by the Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers commanded by José de San Martín at the Battle of San Lorenzo during the Argentine War of Independence. Special mention receives the heroic sergeant Juan Bautista Cabral. The music was composed in 1901 by Uruguayan musician Cayetano Alberto Silva, and the lyrics in 1908 by Carlos Javier Benielli. It was later incorporated into the musical repertoires of other military bands around the world.
Alfonso Ramón López  (August 20, 1908 – October 30, 2005) was a Spanish-American professional baseball catcher and  manager. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Brooklyn Robins / Dodgers, Boston Bees, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Cleveland Indians between 1928 and 1947, and was the manager for the Cleveland Indians and the Chicago White Sox from 1951 to 1965 and during portions of the 1968 and 1969 seasons. Due to his Spanish ancestry and "gentlemanly" nature, he was nicknamed "El Señor".
As a player, López was a two-time All-Star known for his defensive skills, leadership, and durability, as he established a major league record for career games played at catcher (1,918) that stood for decades. As a manager, his .584 career winning percentage ranks fourth best in major league history among managers of at least 2,000 games. His 1954 Cleveland Indians and 1959 Chicago White Sox teams were the only squads to interrupt the New York Yankees' string of American League pennants from 1949 to 1964, inclusive. Over the course of 18 full seasons as a baseball manager (15 in the major leagues and 3 in the minor leagues), López's teams never finished with a losing record. He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1977.
Al López's parents immigrated to the United States from Spain shortly before his birth, and he grew up in the immigrant community of Ybor City in Tampa, Florida. He retired with his family to his hometown after his baseball career, and his accomplishments were commemorated in Tampa in the name of a baseball stadium (Al López Field) and a public park which bears his name and features his statue. His childhood home was moved next door to Ybor City State Museum and is being renovated to house the Tampa Baseball Museum.
Peltobatrachus (from Greek pelte, meaning shield and batrakhos, meaning frog) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the late Permian period of Tanzania.
Okayama Broadcasting Co., Ltd. (岡山放送株式会社) is a TV station broadcast in Okayama and Kagawa Prefectures.  The abbreviation, OHK stands for Okayama Hoso K. K., the corporate name in romaji.  It is a network affiliate of Fuji News Network (FNN) and Fuji Network System (FNS).  The callsign is JOOH-TV.
Expo Channel is an Australian home shopping channel. It is owned by parent company Direct Group Pty Ltd, a marketing and direct sales company based in Sydney, which also owns sister channel TVSN.
Clifford Glacier (70°23′S 62°30′W) is a broad glacier, about 40 nautical miles (70 km) long, flowing in an east-northeast direction to the gap between Mount Tenniel and the Eland Mountains, and then east to Smith Inlet on the east coast of Palmer Land. The upper part of this glacier was charted in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Rymill; the seaward side by the United States Antarctic Service survey party which explored along this coast in 1940. During 1947 it was photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition under Finn Ronne, who in conjunction with the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) charted it from the ground. It was named in 1952 by the FIDS for Sir G. Miles Clifford, at that time Governor of the Falkland Islands.
Laurence Simmons Baker (May 15, 1830 – April 10, 1907) was an officer in the United States Army on the frontier, then later a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. His first name was spelled Lawrence in the records of the Confederate War Department and the mistaken spelling has persisted.
A whipping boy was a boy educated alongside a prince (or boy monarch) in early modern Europe, who received corporal punishment for the prince's transgressions in his presence.  The prince was not punished himself because his royal status exceeded that of his tutor; seeing a friend punished would provide an equivalent motivation not to repeat the offence. An archaic proverb which captures a similar idea is "to beat a dog before a lion." Whipping was a common punishment of tutors at that time. There is little contemporary evidence for the existence of whipping boys, and evidence that some princes were indeed whipped by their tutors, although Nicholas Orme suggests that nobles might have been beaten less often than other pupils. Some historians regard whipping boys as entirely mythical; others suggest they applied only in the case of a boy king, protected by divine right, and not to mere princes.In Renaissance humanism, Erasmus' treatises "The Education of a Christian Prince" (1516) and "Declamatio de pueris statim ac liberaliter instituendis" (1530) mention the inappropriateness of physical chastisement of princes, but do not mention proxy punishment. Hartley Coleridge wrote in 1852, "to be flogged by proxy was the exclusive privilege of royal blood. ... It was much coveted for the children of the poorer gentry, as the first step in the ladder of preferment." John Gough Nichols wrote in 1857, "the whole matter is somewhat legendary, and though certain vicarious or rather minatory punishments may have been occasionally adopted, it does not seem likely that any one individual among the King's schoolfellows should have been uniformly selected, whether he were in fault or not, as the victim or scape-goat of the royal misdemeanours".In current English, a "whipping boy" is a metaphor which may have a similar meaning to scapegoat, fall guy, or sacrificial lamb; alternatively it may mean a perennial loser, a victim of group bullying or someone who is unfairly blamed for the actions of others.
Michoacán Nahuatl is the name given to a variety of Nahuatl language spoken by the Nahua Michoacan on the Pacific Coast of Mexico in Michoacán. It is a dialect of Nahuatl, a language of the Uto-Aztecan family. It is the westernmost variant of this language, although the Uto-Aztecan family is spread farther north, central, south and east. It has around 9000 speakers which mainly reside in rural communities in the municipalities of Aquila, Apatzingán Pomaro and Maruata in Michoacán de Ocampo, which coexist with the Purepecha language speakers. The Michoacan Nahuatl is one of many Nahua dialects, notably with regard to the central dialects which include tl in certain words, usually Michoacan. For example, the word for "man" in Central Nahuatl is tlacatl, whereas in Michoacan Nahuatl it is lacal.
Ryan Michael Dvorak is an American politician from the state of Indiana. A member of the Democratic Party, Dvorak is a member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 8th District since 2002.
Kowraki (Persian: كوركی, also Romanized as Kowrakī and Koorki) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District, Zarqan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 571, in 152 families.
A top hat (also called a high hat, a cylinder hat, or a topper) is a tall, flat-crowned hat for men traditionally associated with formal wear in Western dress codes, meaning white tie, morning dress, or frock coat. Traditionally made of black silk or sometimes grey, the top hat emerged in Western fashion by the end of the 18th century. Although it declined by the time of the counterculture of the 1960s, it remains a formal fashion accessory. A collapsible variant of a top hat, developed in the 19th century, is known as an opera hat.
Perhaps inspired by the Early Modern era capotain, higher crowned dark felt hats with wide brims emerged as a country leisurewear fashion along with the Age of Revolution around the 1770s. Around the 1780s, the justaucorps was replaced by the previously casual frocks and dress coats. At the same time, the tricorne and bicorne hats were replaced by what became known as the top hat. By the 1790s, the directoire style dress coat with top hat was widely introduced as citywear for the upper and middle classes in all urban areas of the Western world. The justaucorps was replaced in all but the most formal court affairs. Around the turn of the 19th century, although for a few decades beaver hats were popular, black silk became the standard, sometimes varied by grey ones. While the dress coats were replaced by the frock coat from the 1840s as conventional formal daywear, top hats continued to be worn with frock coats as well as with what became known as formal evening wear white tie. Towards the end of the 19th century, whereas the white tie with black dress coat remained fixed, frock coats were gradually replaced by morning dress, along with top hats.
After World War I, the 1920s saw widespread introduction of semi-formal black tie and informal wear suits that were worn with less formal hats such as bowler hats, homburgs, boaters and fedoras respectively, in established society. After World War II, white tie, morning dress and frock coats along with their counterpart, the top hat, started to become confined to high society, politics and international diplomacy. The last United States presidential inaugurations with top hat was the inauguration of John F. Kennedy in 1961. Following the counterculture of the 1960s, its use declined further along with the disuse also of daily informal hats by men.
Yet, along with traditional formal wear, the top hat continues to be applicable for the most formal occasions, including weddings and funerals, in addition to certain audiences, balls and horse racing events, such as the Royal Enclosure at Royal Ascot and the Queen's Stand of Epsom Derby. It also remains part of the formal dress of those occupying prominent positions in certain traditional British institutions, such as the Bank of England, certain City stock exchange officials, occasionally at the Law Courts and Lincoln's Inn, judges of the Chancery Division and Queen's Counsel, boy-choristers of King's College Choir, dressage horseback riders, and servants' or doormen's livery.
As part of traditional formal wear, in popular culture the top hat has sometimes been associated with the upper class, and used by satirists and social critics as a symbol of capitalism or the world of business, as with the Monopoly Man or Scrooge McDuck. The top hat also forms part of the traditional dress of Uncle Sam, a symbol of the United States, generally striped in red, white and blue. Furthermore, ever since the famous "Pulling a Rabbit out of a Hat" of Louis Comte in 1814, the top hat remains associated with hat tricks and stage magic costumes.
Razbore (pronounced [ɾaˈzboːɾɛ]) is a settlement just west of Čatež in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Andalucía is a town and municipality located in the north of the Department of Valle del Cauca, in Colombia.
James Dyrenforth (31 January 1895 – 26 December 1973) was an American actor and songwriter.
Dyrenforth appeared in A Night to Remember (1958), Fiend Without a Face (1958), and Lolita (1962), and co-wrote "A Garden in the Rain", a song which was covered by Frank Sinatra and Sarah Vaughan, among others. He wrote lyrics for The Golden Year, a BBC television play of 1951.
George Louis Elliot Thorne (born 4 January 1993) is an English professional footballer midfielder who last played for EFL League One club Oxford United.
Hollywood and Vine, the intersection of Hollywood Boulevard and Vine Street in Hollywood, a district of Los Angeles, became known in the 1920s for its concentration of radio and movie-related businesses. The Hollywood Walk of Fame is centered on the intersection.
Few production facilities are still located in the immediate area.  One of the few remaining is the Capitol Records Tower to the north of the intersection.
The namesake subway station for the Metro B Line is located directly below the intersection, but the entrance/exit to the station is located one block east at Hollywood and Argyle Avenue. The intersection is located in ZIP code 90028.
Bruce Sinofsky (March 31, 1956 – February 21, 2015) was an American documentary film director, particularly known for his films the Paradise Lost trilogy, Brother's Keeper and Metallica: Some Kind of Monster, all created with Joe Berlinger.
Rupesh Laxman Mhatre is a member of the 13th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly. He represents the Bhiwandi East Assembly Constituency as member of Shiv Sena. He is a Shiv Sena politician from Thane district, Maharashtra.
Harold Sturtevant was a sailor in the United States Navy. In January 1941, he and fellow sailor E.C. Lackey climbed up the fire escape of the building which housed the German consulate in San Francisco, California and slashed and tore down the flag of Nazi Germany which was flying there in honor of the  7th anniversary of the founding of the Third Reich. The two men were arrested, tried, court martialed for malicious mischief and received a dishonorable discharge from the Navy. The German Foreign Ministry protested the incident and the United States Department of State expressed their regrets. Later that year, after Germany declared war on the United States, Sturtevant received a pardon and reenlisted in the Navy.
Dipterocarpus pachyphyllus is a tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae. The specific epithet pachyphyllus means "thick leaves".
Matveyev Kurgan (Russian: Матвеев Курган) is a rural locality (a settlement) and the administrative center of Matveyevo-Kurgansky District, Rostov Oblast, Russia.
Excess reserves are bank reserves held by a bank in excess of a reserve requirement for it set by a central bank.In the United States, bank reserves for a commercial bank are represented by its cash holdings and any credit balance in an account at its Federal Reserve Bank (FRB). Holding excess reserves long term may have an opportunity cost if higher risk-adjusted interest can be earned by putting the funds elsewhere. 
For banks in the U.S. Federal Reserve System, excess reserves may be created by a given bank in the very short term by making short-term (usually overnight) loans on the federal funds market to another bank that may be short of its reserve requirements.  Banks may also choose to hold some excess reserves to facilitate upcoming transactions or to meet contractual clearing balance requirements.The total amount of FRB credits held in all FRB accounts for all commercial banks, together with all currency and vault cash, forms the M0 monetary base.
The 1st Lanarkshire Rifle Volunteers was a Scottish Volunteer unit of the British Army. Originally raised in Glasgow from 1859, it later became a battalion of the Cameronians (Scottish Rifles). During World War I it served on the Western Front and in Ireland. Converted into an anti-aircraft regiment just before World War II, it served during The Blitz and in the campaign in North West Europe, and continued in air defence role in the postwar years until 1955.
Muggins, sometimes also called All Fives, is a domino game played with any of the commonly available sets. Although suitable for up to four players, Muggins is described by John McLeod as "a good, quick two player game".Muggins is part of the Fives family of domino games whose names differ according to how many spinners are in play. Muggins is the game without a spinner, Sniff and modern All Fives have a single spinner, and, in Five Up, all doubles are spinners. However, historically Fives or All Fives was the progenitor of the family and had no spinners.Muggins is characterised by its 'fives' scoring system, the 'muggins rule' and the fact that there is no spinner. The aims of the game are to domino, i.e. be first to shed all one's hand tiles, and, during play, to score points by playing a tile that makes the total number of pips on all endpoints of the layout equal to a multiple of five.
Donald L. Shoultz (born August 2, 1936) was an American politician in the state of Iowa.
Shoultz was born in Muscatine, Iowa. He attended the University of Northern Iowa and University of Georgia and was a teacher. He served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1983 to 2007, as a Democrat.
Sri Sumangala College - Moratu Maha Vidyalaya Cricket Encounter (Battle of the Golds) is an annual cricket match played between Sri Sumangala College and Moratu Maha Vidyalaya since 1934. It is known as The Battle of the Golds due to the colours of the two schools' flags i.e. Green, Gold and Blue of Sri Sumangala College and Maroon, Gold & Maroon of Moratu Maha Vidyalaya.
State Road 77 (SR 77) is a major north–south artery in Florida's Panhandle, connecting Panama City to the south with Alabama State Route 109 and Dothan, Alabama to the north.
State Road 77 is mostly a four-lane non-limited-access highway from its south terminus intersection with U.S. Route 98 Business and State Road 30 north to its intersection with State Road 20. Current plans are under way to widen the route to four lanes north to the Florida–Alabama border in the near future.
Nablus ( NA(H)B-ləs; Arabic: نابلس, romanized: Nābulus [ˈnæːblʊs] (listen); Hebrew: שכם, romanized: Šəḵem, Biblical Shechem, ISO 259-3 Škem; Greek: Νεάπολις, romanized: Νeápolis) is a Palestinian city in the northern West Bank, approximately 49 kilometers (30 mi) north of Jerusalem (approximately 63 kilometers (39 mi) by road), with a population of 126,132. Located between Mount Ebal and Mount Gerizim, it is the capital of the Nablus Governorate and a Palestinian commercial and cultural center, home to An-Najah National University, one of the largest Palestinian institutions of higher learning, and the Palestinian Stock Exchange.The city was named by the Roman emperor Vespasian in 72 CE as Flavia Neapolis. During the Byzantine period, conflict between the city's Christian and Samaritan inhabitants peaked in a series of Samaritan revolts before their suppression in 529 dwindled that community's numbers in the city. With the Muslim conquest in the 7th century, the city was given its present Arabic name Nablus. The Crusaders drafted the laws of the Kingdom of Jerusalem in the Council of Nablus and its Muslim, Christian and Samaritan inhabitants prospered. The city then came under the control of the Ayyubids and Mamluk Sultanate. Under the Ottomans, who conquered the city in 1517, Nablus served as the administrative and commercial center for the surrounding area, corresponding to the present-day northern West Bank.
After the city was captured by British forces during World War I, Nablus was incorporated into the British Mandate of Palestine in 1922. After the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, it came under Jordanian rule together with the rest of the West Bank. Israel has occupied Nablus since the 1967 Six-Day War and since 1995, it has been governed by the Palestinian National Authority. Today, the population is predominantly Muslim, with small Christian and Samaritan minorities.
"Pride and Joy" is a 1963 single by Marvin Gaye, released on the Tamla label. The single, co-written by William "Mickey" Stevenson, Gaye and Norman Whitfield, and produced by Stevenson, was considered to be a tribute to Gaye's then-girlfriend, Anna Gordy.The song was also the third straight (and last) single to include Martha and the Vandellas in background vocals just weeks before "Heat Wave" made the girl group one of the high-tier Motown acts.
The song was also Gaye's first top ten pop single peaking at number ten on the chart and just missed the top spot of the R&B singles chart peaking at number two. The song also helped continue Gaye's successful hit streak as the singer would score another Top 40 pop hit at the end of that year with "Can I Get a Witness".
The album version of the single featured on Gaye's second album, That Stubborn Kinda Fellow is different in parts to the single version presenting a more jazz effect than the gospel-emulated version that became a single.
The Jackson 5 recorded the song for the G.I.T.: Get It Together album in 1973, but it was not released until 1976 on their compilation album Joyful Jukebox Music.
When The Beatles first arrived in New York City in 1964, they requested Murray the K play the song on his radio station.
Christina Maria Rantetana (24 July 1955 – 31 July 2016) was an officer of the Indonesian Navy, where she was the first woman to hold a star rank.
The Supreme Court of Korea is the highest court in South Korea.  It is located in Seoul. Articles 101 through 110 of the Constitution of the Republic of Korea establish the Supreme Court and enumerate its powers and responsibilities. Although the Supreme Court is the highest court for most legal issues, the Constitutional Court of Korea is the court of last resort for more specialized constitutional issues such as impeaching presidents or dissolving political parties.
"Raphèl mai amècche zabì almi" is a verse from Dante's Inferno, XXXI.67.
The verse is shouted out by Nimrod, one of the giants who guard the Ninth Circle of Hell. The line, whose literal meaning is uncertain (it is usually left untranslated as well), is usually interpreted as a sign of the confusion of the languages caused by the fall of the Tower of Babel.
Fifty Shades Darker is a 2012 erotic romance novel by British author E. L. James. It is the second installment in the Fifty Shades trilogy that traces the deepening relationship between a college graduate, Anastasia Steele, and a young business magnate, Christian Grey. The first and third volumes, Fifty Shades of Grey and Fifty Shades Freed, were published in 2011 and 2012, respectively. The novel is published by Vintage Books and reached No. 1 on the USA Today best seller list.
Lestes pinheyi is a species of damselfly in the family Lestidae, the spreadwings. It is known commonly as Pinhey's spreadwing. It is native to central Africa, where it is widespread. It lives in pools and swamps. It is not considered to be threatened.
The triple test score (TTS) is a diagnostic tool for examining potentially cancerous breasts. Diagnostic accuracy of the triple test score is nearly 100%. Scoring includes using the procedures of physical examination, mammography and needle biopsy.  If the results of a TTS are greater than five, an excisional biopsy is indicated.
Jamie Hand (born 7 February 1984) is an English former professional footballer and scout. A "tough-tackling, no-nonsense" midfielder, he made around 400 appearances in a 14-year career in football, and played in the English Football League (First Division and League Two), Scottish Premier League, Isthmian League, Conference (Premier, North and South), Southern League and Northern Premier League.
He began his career at Watford, making his first-team debut in January 2002 and winning the club's Young Player of the Year award in 2002–03. However he dropped out of the first-team in the 2004–05 season, and had brief loan spells at Oxford United, Livingston and Peterborough United, before he joined Fisher Athletic in February 2006 so as to facilitate a loan move to Northampton Town, who he helped to win promotion out of League Two in 2005–06. He joined Chester City in May 2006, before he moved on to Lincoln City in August 2007. He returned to Oxford United, before his contract was cancelled by mutual consent in May 2008.
After leaving Lincoln, he embarked on an extensive career in non-league football, firstly joining Ebbsfleet United in August 2008. He then played for Chelmsford City and Woking, before signing with Hayes & Yeading United in August 2010, who he would later captain. He joined Luton Town on loan in September 2011, but was fined The Football Association in April 2012 after insulting Luton fans on Twitter. He quit Hayes the following month over a row about club fines. He signed with Mansfield Town in July 2012, who in turn loaned him out to Eastleigh, Hayes & Yeading United and Margate. He joined Stockport County in July 2013, and then had a loan spell at Southport. He signed with Farnborough in December 2014, and later had brief spells in caretaker charge at Northwood and playing at Warrington Town, before he became a scout.
"Let It Bleed" is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones. It was written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards and is featured on the 1969 album of the same name, the first example of a Rolling Stones title track. It was released as a single in Japan in February 1970.
Thomas Moriggl (born 23 February 1981 in Schlanders) is an Italian cross-country skier who has competed since 2000. At the 2010 Winter Olympics, he finished 24th in both the 15 km and 30 km mixed pursuit events.
Moriggl also finished 36th in the 50 km event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2005 in Oberstdorf. His best World Cup finish was third on two occasions (2004: 30 km, 2005: 15 km).
Thomas Moriggl is the brother of Barbara Moriggl, and lives in Schlinig, Vinschgau.
Shirley Ohana (or Shirli, Hebrew: שירלי אוחנה; born 29 December 1983) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for ASA Tel Aviv University as a forward, having previously played for Maccabi Haifa, Maccabi Holon and Maccabi Kishronot Hadera. She was a member of the Israeli national team, since making her debut in 2002, against Poland. Ohana played with both Maccabi Haifa and Maccabi Holon at UEFA Women's Cup.
Bell tower (Thai: หอระฆัง; RTGS: ho rakhang) is one category of the Thai architectural structure in a wat for signaling the monks to do their praying ceremony.
"The F Word" is the twelfth episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated television series South Park. The 193rd overall episode of the series, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 4, 2009. In the episode, the boys attempt to change the official definition of the word fag from an anti-homosexual slur to a term describing loud and obnoxious Harley bikers.
The episode was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker, and was rated TV-MA L in the United States. "The F Word" argues language is ever-changing and that taboo words only carry a stigma if society allows them to, and attempts to reclaim and disempower the word faggot.
"The F Word" received generally mixed reviews, with commentators differing on the success behind the episode's underlying message. According to Nielsen ratings, "The F Word" was seen by 1.99 million households among viewers aged between 18 and 49, making it the highest-rated episode of the season, and surpassing the viewership of the NBC primetime comedy talk show, The Jay Leno Show.
Puente Alsina is a 1935  Argentine musical film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra. It is a tango musical and premiered on 6 August 1935 in Buenos Aires.
Chabab Reyadi Baladiyat Ben Badis (Arabic: الشباب الرياضي لبلدية بن باديس), known as CRB Ben Badis or CRBBB for short, is an Algerian football club based in Ben Badis, Sid Bel Abbés. The club was founded in 1936 and its colors are green, red and white. Their home stadium, the 1 november Stadium, has a capacity of some 8,000 spectators. The club is currently playing in the Ligue Nationale du Football Amateur.
Sethubavachatram (Tamil: சேதுபாவாசத்திரம்) is a village located in Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. It is largely a fishing and farming community. It has the harbor enough to place only 50 boats but nearly 100 boats are there. Every boat has Indian Nation Flag on the (Paai Maram) and the paintings on the boat will have the name of the Owner or their son and will have the unique no to identify its Starts like(TNJ 001...). The village is home to a government school.
Mark Mahon (born 1 April 1973) is an Irish film director, writer and producer from Cork city, Ireland.
At the age of twenty two, Mahon was severely injured in an accident and spent several months in hospital recovering. During this time, he started writing. He wrote several screenplays, one novel and one graphic novel called Freedom Within the Heart, which as an unproduced screenplay, won Best Screenplay at the 2005 Action on Film International Film Festival. He subsequently set up a film production company, Maron Pictures.In 2007, Mahon directed his first feature-length film Strength and Honour starring Michael Madsen and Vinnie Jones. It was released on 20 November 2007 in Ireland and was tested on a limited capacity in the United States on 7 December 2007. As a producer on the film, Mahon was nominated for a "Rising Star Award" at the 2008 Irish Film and Television Awards.In May 2013, Mahon was reportedly launching a graphic novel about Brian Boru, Freedom Within The Heart. At the same time, Mahon expressed plans to make a movie of the same title.
The TSD09 diesel multiple unit is a tilting train developed by Tangshan Locomotive in 2003 and fitted with Cummins diesel engines, Voith hydraulic transmission and Extel Systems Wedel tilting mechanisms. It was built for Sanmao Railway, but due to strategic reasons within the Ministry of Railways, the set never operated commercially and has been permanently stored at Tangshan Locomotive.
Jonas Jablonskis (30 December 1860, in Kubilėliai, Šakiai district – 23 February 1930, in Kaunas) was a distinguished Lithuanian linguist and one of the founders of the standard Lithuanian language. He used the pseudonym Rygiškių Jonas, taken from the small town named Rygiškiai where he spent his childhood.
Nguyễn Phúc Miên Thẩm (Hán tự: 阮福綿審, 11 December 1819 – 30 April 1870), courtesy name Trọng Uyên (仲淵), pseudonym Bạch Hào Tử (白毫子), was a prince of Nguyễn dynasty, Vietnam.
The Ballad of the Goodly Fere is a poem by Ezra Pound, first published in 1909. The narrator is Simon Zelotes, speaking after the Crucifixion about his memories of Jesus (the "goodly fere"—Old English for "companion"—of the title).
Pound wrote the poem as a direct response to what he considered inappropriately effeminate portrayals of Jesus, comparing Jesus—a "man o' men"—to "capon priest(s)"; he subsequently told T.P.'s Weekly that he had "been made very angry by a certain sort of cheap irreverence".
tooXclusive is a Nigerian music and review website. Launched in 2010 by Olutayo "Tyler" Duncan Sotubo, the website is notable for organizing its yearly tooXclusive Online Music Awards. They pride their establishment as the number one source for pan-African music entertainment, reviews, trending news and celebrity updates.
The Winnipeg Aboriginal Film Festival is an annual film festival in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, which programs a lineup of films related to First Nations, Métis, Inuit and other international indigenous peoples. Launched in 2002, the festival is staged annually at the city's Dramatic Arts Centre.The event is a partner in the Adam Beach Film Institute, actor Adam Beach's Winnipeg-based film and media school for indigenous media arts students.
Antoine Gael Sahaghian (born 16 December 1988) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club HKFC.
Jarjish (Persian: جرجيس, romanized: Jarjīsh) is a village in Barez Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 133, in 27 families.
Arquivo Público do Estado de São Paulo (English: Public Archives of the State of São Paulo) serves as the official archival repository for the state of São Paulo, Brazil, as well as the central agency in the System of Archives of the State of São Paulo, SAESP (Sistema de Arquivos do Estado de São Paulo).
Everett Bradley is an American multi-instrumentalist, singer, songwriter, actor, dancer, choreographer and playwright. He is currently a touring member of the rock band Bon Jovi.
Johann Carl Friedrich Dauthe (26 September 1746 – 13 July 1816) was a German architect and etcher who specialised in the Neo-Classical style.
Dauthe was born in Leipzig and educated by Adam Friedrich Oeser. In his hometown, where he had been the city's construction official most of his buildings have been built, such as the first concert chamber of the Gewandhaus (1781), the square now known as the Augustusplatz (1785) and the interior of the St. Nicholas Church (1794). Dauthe became member of the Lodge Minerva zu den drei Palmen Leipzig in 1778. He died at the age of 70 in the small Silesian city of Bad Flinsberg.
Jake Rosenzweig (born April 14, 1989 in London) is an English-born American racing driver.
Jeciel Jair Cedeño Benavides (born 3 April 2000) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Hartford Athletic in the USL Championship.
So You Think You Can Dance is a franchise of reality television shows in which contestants compete in dance.  The first series of the franchise, created by Idols producers Simon Fuller and Nigel Lythgoe, premiered in July 2005 and has broadcast sixteen seasons since.  Adaptations of the show began airing in other countries in late 2005 and to date 30 localized adaptations have been produced, representing 41 different countries and comprising more than ninety individual seasons.
Portrait of the Artist with his Family is a c.1615 painting by Jacob Jordaens of himself and his family. With Group Portrait, The Apostles Paul and Barnabas at Lystra (c.1618) and The Banquet of Cleopatra, it is one of four works by the artist in the Hermitage Museum.
In the 18th century, the work was owned by the Duke of Portland before entering Robert Walpole's collection at Houghton Hall. After his death, it was sold to the Hermitage Museum in 1779 during the reign of Catherine II of Russia. At that time. it was misattributed to Jordaens' father-in-law Adam van Noort. Later, the figures were reidentified - the one on the left playing the lute is Jordaens beside his father, whilst the artist's mother is to the left, surrounded by children and with her youngest daughter sitting on her knee. Two cherubs above symbolise the souls of dead children, whilst a servant brings in a platter of fruit.
Mohammad Reza Gharaei (Persian: محمدرضا قرایی; born 1980) is an Iranian Strongman and powerlifter.
Jeong Hyeon-Cheol (hangul: 정현철; born February 21, 1972), better known as Seo Taiji or Seo Tae-Ji (서태지), is a South Korean singer, musician, songwriter and record producer. After dropping out of high school to pursue a music career, he rose to become one of the most prominent and influential cultural icons in South Korea, with many referring to him as "the President of Culture".Following a brief stint in the heavy metal band Sinawe, Taiji formed Seo Taiji and Boys in 1992 with whom he found immediate success. They introduced incorporating elements of popular musical genres from the West and contributed considerably larger to Korean pop culture and Korean pop's development in the 1990s. Although he initially announced retirement upon disbanding the group in 1996, Taiji released his first solo album two years later and continued his successful career.
BNS Prottoy is a Type 056 stealth surface warfare guided missile corvette of Bangladesh Navy. She was built at Wuchang Shipyard of China. She is the second corvette of the class for the Bangladesh Navy. The ship is serving the Bangladesh Navy since 2016.
Yule (also called Jul, Julblot, jól, jólablót, joulu, "Yule time" or "Yule season") is a festival historically observed by the Germanic peoples. Scholars have connected the original celebrations of Yule to the Wild Hunt, the god Odin, and the pagan Anglo-Saxon Mōdraniht ("Mothers' Night").
Later departing from its pagan roots, Yule underwent Christianised reformulation, resulting in the term Christmastide. Some present-day Christmas customs and traditions such as the Yule log, Yule goat, Yule boar, Yule singing, and others may have connections to older pagan Yule traditions. Cognates to Yule are still used in the Scandinavian languages as well as in Finnish and Estonian to describe Christmas and other festivals occurring during the winter holiday season.
Dhatrath is a village in Safidon, Jind district at Haryana, India. It belongs to Hisar Division . It is located 16 km (towards east) from Jind and about 180 km from state capital Chandigarh. Pin code is 126110.
Friedrich (Fritz) Carl Heckert (born 28 March 1884 in Chemnitz – died 7 April 1936 in Moscow) was a German politician, co-founder of the Spartacus League and the Communist Party of Germany and a leading member of the Communist International (Comintern). He also briefly served as the Saxon Minister of Economy in 1923.He is buried in the Kremlin Wall Necropolis.
Goedehoop  (Afrikaans for good hope) is a settlement in Bojanala District Municipality in the North West province of South Africa.
This is a list of named lunar craters. The large majority of these features are impact craters. The crater nomenclature is governed by the International Astronomical Union, and this listing only includes features that are officially recognized by that scientific society.
Żdżarów [ˈʐd͡ʐaruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Sochaczew and 57 km (35 mi) west of Warsaw.
Marcus Caeparius (died 63 BC) was a Roman politician who participated in the Catiline Conspiracy.He came from the Latin town of Tarracina and was preparing to travel to Apulia in order to incite a revolt among the slaves there when the conspiracy was discovered and its participants detained. Having heard about this, he attempted to flee from Rome, but was apprehended during his escape and brought back to the city, where he was committed to the custody of the senator Gnaeus Terentius. He was executed along with the other conspirators in the Tullianum by strangulation.
The Syracuse Orange women represented Syracuse University in CHA women's ice hockey during the 2017-18 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season.
The Trylon Cinema (formerly Trylon Microcinema) is a 90-seat movie theater in the Longfellow neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota. The cinema was founded and is currently run by Take-Up Productions, a group of volunteers who got their start at the Oak Street Cinema before establishing the Trylon in 2009 within a former warehouse. A 2017 expansion resulted in an increase in the cinema's seating capacity and accessibility. Throughout its history, the venue has featured a variety of regular programming, ranging from career retrospectives of famous directors to B movies and cult films. The Trylon has been well received by critics who have praised its film lineup, intimacy, and atmosphere.
Martha Helen Strickland Clark (March 25, 1853 – June 17, 1935) was an American lawyer who was the first woman to practice law in Detroit, and the first woman to argue before the Michigan Supreme Court.
Greenwich Hospital was a permanent home for retired sailors of the Royal Navy, which operated from 1692 to 1869. Its buildings, in Greenwich, London, were later used by the Royal Naval College, Greenwich and the University of Greenwich, and are now known as the Old Royal Naval College. The word "hospital" was used in its original sense of a place providing hospitality for those in need of it, and did not refer to medical care, although the buildings included an infirmary which, after Greenwich Hospital closed, operated as Dreadnought Seaman's Hospital until 1986.
The foundation which operated the hospital still exists, for the benefit of former Royal Navy personnel and their dependants. It now provides sheltered housing on other sites.
Varbitsa (Bulgarian: Върбица [vɐrˈbit͡sɐ]; lit. 'little willow'; also transliterated Vǎrbica) is a town in eastern Bulgaria, part of Shumen Province. It is the administrative centre of Varbitsa Municipality, which lies in the southwestern part of Shumen Province. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 3,585 inhabitants.Varbitsa is located in the southeastern Danubian Plain, at the foot of the eastern Balkan Mountains, on both banks of the Gerila river. The area was populated in Antiquity by the Thracians and Romans, while the Slavs and Bulgars arrived in the Early Middle Ages. It is thought that the first ruler of the First Bulgarian Empire, Asparuh, settled the Severians in the region of the Varbitsa Pass in order to guard it in the 7th century. The pass was the site of the Battle of Pliska on 26 July 811, during which Krum of Bulgaria's forces routed the Byzantine army, killing and beheading Byzantine Emperor Nikephoros I.
In theoretical physics, a twisted sector is a subspace of the full Hilbert space of closed string states in a particular theory over a (good) orbifold.
In the first quantized formalism of string theory (or in two-dimensional conformal field theory) the target space is an orbifold M/G if the observables of the string are only defined modulo G. Consequently, the value of the field after one cycle around the closed string need only be the same as its original value modulo some G transformation.
    {\displaystyle X(\sigma +2\pi ,\tau )=g[X(\sigma ,\tau )]}
  For each conjugacy class of G, we have a different superselection sector (wrt the worldsheet). The conjugacy class consisting of the identity gives rise to the untwisted sector and all the other conjugacy classes give rise to twisted sectors. It's easy to see that since the observables are only modulo G, two different g's which are conjugate to each other give rise to the same sector.
In the second quantized formalism, the different sectors give rise to different orbifold projections.
Matías Alejandro Vega (born 18 April 1986) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Deportivo Riestra.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kota Kinabalu (Lat: Archdioecesis Kotakinabaluensis) is a Metropolitan archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sabah, a state of Malaysia on the island of Borneo.
The Archdiocese is the oldest ecclesiastical territory in Malaysia, with a long history slowly rising along with the Catholic population all the way from a prefecture to an Archdiocese with two suffragans, the Diocese of Keningau and the Diocese of Sandakan.
Atalacmea fragilis is a species of sea snail or true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.
The Veracruz salamander (Bolitoglossa veracrucis), also known as the Veracruz mushroomtongue salamander, is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to Mexico and known from southern Veracruz, north-eastern Oaxaca, and north-western Chiapas. Its natural habitats are tropical lowland forests, but it occurs also in disturbed habitats. It might be a habitat specialist of limestone outcrops. It is threatened by opening of its habitat by expanding agriculture and wood extraction.
Fines are charged for excess speed of 6 – 49 km/h above the applicable limit and speeding at 50 km/h or more above the applicable limit results in a court appearance.The categorisation wide tar refers to asphalt concrete-surfaced roads with at least two lanes (one lane in each direction).
(Urdu: ماسٹر عِنایَت حُسَین; 1916 – 26 March 1993) was a Pakistani film music composer.
Mario Galinović (born 15 November 1976) is a former Croatian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
The Shee Water (Scottish Gaelic: Sìdh / Uisge Sìdh) is a river in the highland portion of eastern Perth and Kinross, Scotland.  The Allt a' Ghlinne Bhig, Allt Ghlinn Thaitneach and Glen Lochsie Burn (plus numerous smaller streams) drain south out of the Grampian mountains. They converge at the Spittal of Glenshee to form the Shee Water. This runs through Glenshee to the Strathmore valley where it becomes the Black Water for a short distance and, close to Bridge of Cally, joins the River Ardle to form the River Ericht. The Water eventually reaches the North Sea via the River Isla and the River Tay.
Hedwig Grace "Hedy" West (April 6, 1938 – July 3, 2005) was an American folksinger and songwriter. She belonged to the same generation of folk revivalists as Joan Baez and Judy Collins. Her most famous song "500 Miles" is one of America's most popular folk songs. She was described by the English folk musician A. L. Lloyd as "far and away the best of American girl singers in the [folk] revival."Hedy West played the guitar and the banjo. On banjo, she played both clawhammer style and a unique type of three-finger picking that exhibited influences outside of bluegrass and old-time, such as blues and jazz.
Labdia holopetra is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1927. It is known from Samoa.
Cnemolia heyrovskyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning (entomologist) in 1938.
Li is a village area in Sokndal municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. It is located along the southeastern coast of the Jøssingfjorden, southeast of the municipal centre of Hauge.
John E. Lilley (born August 3, 1972 in Wakefield, Massachusetts) is a retired American professional ice hockey player.  After graduating from Cushing Academy, where he set a new scoring record, he played college hockey for Boston University. Drafted 140th overall by the Winnipeg Jets in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft he went on to play 23 games in the National Hockey League for the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, scoring 3 goals and 8 assists for 11 points and collecting 13 penalty minutes. He spent 3 seasons in Germany's Deutsche Eishockey Liga playing for Düsseldorfer EG, the Kassel Huskies and the Schwenninger Wild Wings. Lilley was on the American national team at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway and played in the 1994 World Championship. He ended his career with the Long Beach Ice Dogs. He is currently the new director of scouting and player development for the NY Rangers
William F. Jackson (1850 - January 8, 1936) was an American painter and art curator.
The men's 110 metres hurdles event at the 1967 Summer Universiade was held at the National Olympic Stadium in Tokyo on 31 August and 1 September 1967.
Rasah is a federal constituency in Seremban District, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1986.
The federal constituency was created in the 1984 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
King Salmon is a census-designated place (CDP) in Bristol Bay Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is 284 miles (457 km) southwest of Anchorage. As of the 2010 census the population was 374, down from 442 in 2000. It is home to Katmai National Park and Preserve. 
King Salmon is the borough seat of neighboring Lake and Peninsula Borough, but does not serve that purpose in its own borough, whose borough seat is in Naknek.
Victoria Masonic Temple in Colombo, Sri Lanka is the meeting place for the Masonic Lodges in the Colombo area. It was built in 1901 during British rule. 
Freemasonry was first introduced by the Dutch with the establishment of a masonic lodge, Fidelity Lodge, in Colombo in 1771 by the Grand Lodge of Holland, followed by a second lodge in Galle in 1773 and another lodge in Colombo in 1794. In 1795 the British took possession of all the Dutch settlements on the island and in 1801 Ceylon was formed as a separate Crown colony. On 9 February 1801 the officers of the 51st Regiment were issued a warrant by the Grand Lodge of Scotland to establish the Orange Lodge No. 274 in Colombo (it was dissolved in 1848), which was followed by No. 329 for the 6th Battalion in 1802 (dissolved in 1830) and No. 340 in September 1807 for the 34th Regiment of Foot but it is doubtful this lodge ever convened (dissolved November 1807).  In 1822, the Taprobane Lodge was established in Ceylon under a provisional warrant from the United Grand Lodge of England, but was dissolved in June 1862. In the same year (1822), St. John's Lodge No. 628, was formed at Colombo by members of the St. Andrew's Union Lodge, which was attached to the 19th Regiment of Foot. It still exists as Lodge No. 434, but is located in the District of Madras. In August 1838, the oldest existing lodge in the country, St. John's Lodge of Colombo, No. 454, was formed. 
In 1861 the Grand Lodge of Ireland established its first masonic lodge in Ceylon, Sphinx Lodge No. 107 and on 9 October 1878 formed a provincial Grand Lodge of Ceylon, which went into abeyance in 1890.
It was not until 1886, that the next English lodge was formed, the Lodge of St. George No. 470, which still exists in Colombo.
Masonic meetings at that time were held at the De Soysa Building, in Slave Island.In 1897 a gathering of senior Freemasons proposed the construction of a temple building in commemoration of Queen Victoria’s Diamond Jubilee but construction was delayed to accommodate the land acquisition, preparation of plans and the raising of funds. After the necessary funding was raised by subscription and debentures, the cornerstone of the building was laid on 27 September 1900 by John Norman Campbell, a Freemason and a philanthropist, and the building was completed in August 1901 with a formal opening on 1 September 1901. The temple was designed by Edward Skinner, a Freemason and an associate of the Royal Institute of British Architects, and built by the Colombo Commercial Company. The building was built in neo-Georgian style mixed with elements of Eastern architecture. The Ceylon Independent stated on 2 October 1901:
The building was specially designed to meet all the requirements of the various degrees of Masonry which are worked locally. The Lodge room proper and its connected working and service rooms are all situated on the first floor while the ground floor consists of the Recreation Club Hall, service rooms, etc., all completely equipped. The large hall on the ground floor was specially built and the floor was constructed with the object of making it suitable for dancing. Its acoustic properties are likewise excellent and it makes a good room for a concert. This portion of the building was not restricted to Masons, and was hired by anyone wishing to give a concert or dance and the Committee has decided to fix the hire at the exceptionally low rate of Rs.25/- for a function so as to make the building popular. The internal fittings are of teak and brass and are of solid and durable character. The hall is brilliantly lit with special gas lamps and altogether no effort or expense has been spared to make the interior as comfortable as possible.
On 1 May 1907 the six English masonic lodges were consolidated under the auspices of the District Grand Lodge of Sri Lanka. 
In 1914 it was resolved to construct a front porch with a room above on the northern side of the building however due to the outbreak of World War I the works were deferred. In 1928 the additions were built by Walker Sons and Company for Rs. 6,800.
In 2002, Sri Lanka Post featured the Victoria Masonic Temple on its Rs. 4.50 stamp to commemorate the centenary anniversary of the temple.
Ulf Lindor Gustafsson (also Gustavsson; born 13 December 1937) is a retired Swedish rower who won a bronze medal in the coxed fours at the 1959 European Championships. He competed in the coxed fours and in the eights at the 1960 Summer Olympics, but failed to reach the finals.
Czech Republic is scheduled to compete at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary from 14 July to 30 July.
Sir Worley Bassett Edwards (5 September 1850 – 1 June 1927) was a New Zealand lawyer and judge.Edwards was born in London, England, the son of Charles Scatcherd Wilson Edwards and his wife Cornelia Allen (Waller). He went to the Otago region, New Zealand, with his parents in 1856. Having embraced the practice of the law he gained a leading position in the profession, and was appointed a judge of the native land court, with the position of a puisne judge of the Supreme Court of New Zealand, in 1890 by the Atkins Government. When the Ballance Cabinet came into power in 1891, they disputed the appointment as ultra vires, but the New Zealand Court of Appeal decided that the nomination was valid. The case was carried to the Privy Council, and in May 1892 the Judicial Committee gave a decision adverse to the legality of the appointment, on the ground that Parliament had not previously been asked to provide Judge Edwards's salary.
Edwards married Mary A. Cutten at Wellington in June 1886. He was knighted in the 1919 New Year Honours.
Tan Jing (Chinese: 谭晶; born September 11, 1977) is a solo singer in the CPC Central Military Commission Political Department Song and Dance Troupe and a first class national actress. Her music blends bel canto, Chinese national music (Guoyue), and popular singing styles. She has been dubbed "The Voice of Harmony" for her efforts to spread Chinese music, culture, and goodwill through her professional and philanthropic contributions.She has earned a Master's of Popular Music Studies, is an elected member of the 10th National People's Congress, currently serves as the Deputy Director of China's Pop Music Association and has been voted one of China's Top Ten Outstanding Youths.Tan has also starred in the original national operas Ode to Mulan and The White Haired Girl, musicals Crazy Snow, Jasmine, and In That Distant Place, and other plays. Tan was a torchbearer for the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games and her song, Sky, was used to accompany the releasing of the doves during the Opening Ceremony. She took part in Chinese reality competition, in 2016, she appeared in the series finale on Jiangsu Television's Mask Singer. In January 2017, she participated in Hunan Television's Singer 2017, as one of the 1st round competitors, until her sudden withdrawal on February 25, 2017.
Colon schwarzi is a species of round fungus beetle in the family Leiodidae. It is found in North America.
Wisconsin Engineering (officially Wisconsin Engineering CZ s.r.o) is a US-Czech manufacturer of utility tractors, compact tractors, and outdoor power equipment for the premium consumer, light commercial, and professional markets.  Legally, the company is structured as a "společnost s ručením omezeným" which is the Czech equivalent of a limited liability company (llc) in the United States.
Wisconsin Engineering was founded in 1992 in Sheboygan, Wisconsin in the US, by Dr. Jerry J. Olmr, Ph.D., as a mechanical design consultancy and production tooling brokerage.  Several pioneering lawn tractor designs were introduced during the first years, including a commercial grade rear bagging lawn tractor that has become the company's best selling and most widely distributed product.
During the mid-1990s, prototypes of this machine, as well as several others, were shown in major outdoor power equipment shows across the world, with the most viable interest coming from the European market.  Manufacturing facilities in Prostejov, Czech Republic were first leased in 1996, later purchased in 1998, from the then defunct Agrostroj Prostejov (later Wikov-Slavia).
ZetorIn addition to supplying finished tractor and power equipment products, Wisconsin Engineering derives a significant portion of its revenue from contract manufacturing operations. As of 2010, Wisconsin Engineering employs over 220 employees and is ISO 2001:2009 certified.  It remains entirely privately held.
Wisconsin Engineering is not related to Wiscon, Wis-Con, Teledyne, or Continental.
Athikia (Greek: Αθίκια) is a village in the regional unit of Corinthia in Greece. It was the seat of the former municipality of Saronikos. Athikia has a population of 2,038 (2011 census) and is located 15 km (9.3 mi) south of the city of Corinth.
Randolph T. Stevenson is an American political scientist and professor at Rice University in Houston, Texas. Stevenson’s research focuses on mass political behavior, cabinet formation, and institutional design in Western democracies. His book, The Economic Vote: How Political and Economic Institutions Condition Election Results (co-authored with Raymond Duch), was published in 2008 by Cambridge University Press and won the Gregory M. Luebbert award for the best book in comparative politics in 2007 or 2008. His current research projects include book projects exploring the sources of cross-national differences in political knowledge, political interest, and strategic voting. Stevenson has taught graduate-level courses in applied statistics and data science at Rice University, Oxford University, the Essex Summer School in Social Science Data Analysis, and the IPSA Summer Schools for Social Science Research Methods at the National University of Singapore and the University of Sao Paulo.
Imperial Japanese Navy ship classifications went through various changes between 1871 and 1945, as technology changed and new ship classes were added while those that became obsolete were discontinued.  There were efforts to translate some ships' classes that were imported or in use by other navies, while incorporating any classification system into Japanese language conventions and maintaining an internal consistency.
Alburgh is a village within the town of the same name in Grand Isle County, Vermont, United States. The population was 571 at the 2020 census. The town's name came from the person primarily responsible for chartering the community, Ira Allen.
Banksia Beach is a town and suburb on Bribie Island in the Moreton Bay Region, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census the suburb of Banksia Beach had a population of 5,995 people.
"Shakermaker" is a song by the English rock band Oasis. It was written by lead guitarist Noel Gallagher. The song was first released as a second single on 20 June 1994 and later released on Oasis' debut album Definitely Maybe (1994). The single peaked at number eleven in the UK. It was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry in 2013, having previously been their only single of the 1990s not to be certified in the UK. As of 2021, it remains the only single from the band's first two albums not to reach at least platinum status in the UK, and their only single of the 1990s not to be certified gold.
Magnus Berge (February 16, 1909 – March 29, 2001) was the lead on the Åredalens CK curling team (from Åre, Sweden) during the World Curling Championships (known as the Scotch Cup) 1963 and 1964. In 1966 he was inducted into the Swedish Curling Hall of Fame.
Lieutenant General Timothy Paul Evans,  (born 21 September 1962) is a retired British Army officer, who served as Commandant of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst from 2012 to 2013 and then commander of the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps from 2013 to 2016.
Inductive discharge ignition systems were developed in the 19th century as a means to ignite the air–fuel mixture in the combustion chamber of internal combustion engines.  The first versions were low tension coils, then low-tension and in turn high-tension magnetos, which were offered as a more effective alternative to the older-design hot-tube ignitors that had been utilized earlier on hot tube engines.  With the advent of small stationary engines; and with the development of the automobile, engine-driven tractors, and engine-driven trucks; first the magneto and later the distributor-type systems were utilized as part of an efficient and reliable engine ignition system on commercially available motorized equipment.  These systems were in widespread use on all cars and trucks through the 1960s.  Manufacturers such as Ford, General Motors, Chrysler, Citroen, Mercedes, John Deere, International Harvester, and many others incorporated them into their products.  The inductive discharge system is still extensively used today.
Patricia Hilliard (14 March 1916 – 19 May 2001), born Patricia Maud Penn-Gaskell, was a British stage and film actress.
MAFless tuning is a method of operating the fuel injection system on a gasoline-powered motor vehicle whereby the mass airflow meter, or MAF, is removed.
August Rätzer or Raetzer (1845–1907) was a Swiss entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera. He was a Parson in Solothurn.
He wrote Rätzer, 1890 Lepidopterologische Nachlese Mitt. Schweiz. ent. Ges. 8 : 220–229 in which he first described Erebia christi.
Baidak (Ukrainian: байда́к) was a wooden sailing ship, similar to a cog. It had a  flush-laid flat bottom approximately 3–4 metres wide, which narrowed to tapered ends, and one 5 metre mast. Measuring approximately 15–20 (or 36–60) metres in length, a baidak could carry a load of approximately 200 tons. It could be operated by oars or sail.
Baidaky were in use from the 16th - 19th centuries in the territory of present-day Ukraine, primarily for cargo delivery on the Dnipro and Don rivers, however they were also frequently used by the Zaporizhian Cossacks for their military campaigns to the Black Sea.
Volleyball was contested at the Far Eastern Championship Games and was one of the eight main sports on the programme.
The Committees of the 2nd Supreme People's Assembly (SPA) was elected by the 1st Session of the 2nd Supreme People's Assembly on 20 September 1957. It was replaced on 23 October 1962 by the committees of the 3rd Supreme People's Assembly.
The Croatian Canoe Federation (Croatian: Hrvatski kajakaški savez) is the governing body of rowing in Croatia. It organizes the Croatian representation at international competitions and the Croatian National Championships.
The Federation was formed on August 6, 1939 in Zagreb. It became a member of the International Canoe Federation in 1992 and of the European Canoe Association in 1993.
Grodziszów [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Święta Katarzyna, and 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
PlaidML is a portable tensor compiler. Tensor compilers bridge the gap between the universal mathematical descriptions of deep learning operations, such as convolution, and the platform and chip specific code needed to perform those operations with good performance. Internally, PlaidML makes use of the Tile eDSL  to generate OpenCL, OpenGL, LLVM, or CUDA code. It enables deep learning on devices where the available computing hardware is either not well supported or the available software stack contains only proprietary components. For example, it does not require the usage of CUDA or cuDNN on Nvidia hardware, while achieving comparable performance.PlaidML supports the machine learning libraries Keras, ONNX, and nGraph. However, Keras have dropped support of multiple backends and latest Keras version isn't compatible with PlaidML. An integration with Tensorflow-Keras is planned as a replacement for Keras.
Barycholos (common name Chimbo frogs) is a genus of small craugastorid frogs found in southeastern Brazil and tropical lowland Ecuador. The name Barycholos, from the Greek βαρύχολος ("savage"), is in honor of herpetologist Jay M. Savage.
Mail is a Japanese horror manga series written and illustrated by Housui Yamazaki. The English translation is published by Dark Horse Comics.
The series centers around Reiji Akiba (秋葉 零児, Akiba Reiji), a private eye who investigates cases dealing with ghosts. He uses a broomhandle pistol called Kagutsuchi (迦具土, Kagutsuchi) and hallowed ammunition to shoot ghosts that may or may not have possessed people and seal them inside the bullets which simply drop to the floor. The bullets are later ritually cleansed at a shrine. The pistol also has the ability to revive the dead by shooting a bullet with a ghost sealed inside into its original body. Akiba does this at the beginning of the third and final volume with the ghost of his childhood friend Mikoto Yamaguchi (山口 美琴, Yamaguchi Mikoto) and she becomes his sidekick.
The series is organized into short self-contained chapters with no overarching plot, though some chapters explore Akiba's backstory. However, most are simple cases that Akiba solves, usually with an introduction by Akiba talking to the reader at the beginning of the chapter.
A Japanese live-action movie adaption has been created from the series. In the movie version Takamasa Suga plays the role of Akiba while Mikoto is played by Chiaki Kuriyama.
Major General Mohamed Bey Naguib Youssef Qutb El-Qashlan (Arabic: الرئيس اللواء محمد بك نجيب يوسف قطب القشلان, Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: [mæˈħæmmæd næˈɡiːb]; 19 February 1901 – 28 August 1984) was an Egyptian revolutionary, and, along with Gamal Abdel Nasser, one of the two principal leaders of the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 that toppled the monarchy of Egypt and Sudan, leading to the establishment of the Republic of Egypt, and the independence of Sudan. 
A distinguished and decorated general who was wounded in action in the Palestine War of 1948, he became the leader of the Free Officers Movement of nationalist army officers opposed to the continued presence of British troops in Egypt and Sudan, and the perceived corruption and incompetence of King Farouk. Following the toppling of Farouk in July 1952, Naguib went on to serve as the head of the Revolutionary Command Council, the prime minister, and first president of Egypt, successfully negotiating the independence of Sudan (hitherto a condominium of Egypt and the United Kingdom), and the withdrawal of all British military personnel from Egypt. His tenure as President came to end in November 1954 due to disagreements with other members of the Free Officers, chiefly Nasser, who would go on to succeed him as President.
The Walsh Cavaliers are the athletic teams that represent Walsh University, located in North Canton, Ohio, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sporting competitions. The Cavaliers compete as members of the Great Midwest Athletic Conference for 17 of 18 varsity sports, while the men's lacrosse team plays in the ECAC Division II Lacrosse League.
The Louisiade flowerpecker (Dicaeum nitidum) is a species of bird in the family Dicaeidae.
SynthFont is a commercial MIDI editor and "MIDI to Waveform" converter, developed by European software developer Kenneth Rundt.
The Archdeacon of Totnes or Totton is the senior ecclesiastical officer in charge of one of the oldest archdeaconries in England. It is an administrative division of the Church of England Diocese of Exeter and under the oversight of the Bishop suffragan of Plymouth.
Men's Greco-Roman 84 kilograms competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, took place on 6 August at ExCeL London.
This Greco-Roman wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who loses to one of the two finalists moves into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consists of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scores more points in each round is the winner of that rounds; the bout ends when one wrestler has won two rounds (and thus the match).
Nagar taluka is a taluka in Ahmednagar subdivision of Ahmednagar district in Maharashtra State of India.
Vladislav Balovatsky (Ukrainian: Владислав Баловацький; born 23 November 1994), known professionally as Capital Bra (German pronunciation: [kɐpiˌtal ˈbɾa]) and informally as Capital, Capi and Joker Bra, is a German rapper of Ukrainian and Russian descent.  Bra is the short form of Bratan, the Russian word for brother.Born in a small town in Siberia, Russia and raised in Dnipropetrovsk in Ukraine, he and his mother moved to Berlin, Germany in the early 2000s. He started rapping at age 11 and participated at Rap am Mittwoch in 2014, a German battle rap tournament. Intent on pursuing a solo career as a rapper, Capital Bra released his first studio album Kuku Bra in January 2016 to minor commercial success in Germany. The follow-ups Makarov Complex and Blyat were released in February and September 2017 and peaked in the top 5 of German-speaking Europe. His fourth studio album, Berlin lebt (2018), peaked at number one in Germany, Austria and Switzerland and the follow-up Allein (2018), debuted at number two on the German album charts. Balovatsky is the most successful charting German act, with 22 number-one songs in Germany.
Outside of music, Balovatsky criticized the German political party Alternative for Germany (AfD), compared himself with Russian president Vladimir Putin and spoke out about social injustice. In an interview published on YouTube, he spoke about his Tilidine dependence and warned about the drug.
The Doubt Factory is a novel by Paolo Bacigalupi, published on October 14, 2014 by Little, Brown for Young Readers. The novel chronicles the adventures of youths and young adults intent on exposing corporate malfeasance. The title describes the efforts of corporate public relations efforts to cast doubt on scientific findings in order to prolong the life of a product. The book has been characterized as didactic, "backed up with references to actual front groups, lawsuits, warning labels, and literature on the subject". In another review, Cory Doctorow praises the work as both a polemic and a novel.
Río Turbio is a town and municipality in the Güer Aike Department of the Santa Cruz Province in southern Argentina.It was founded in late 1942, as a consequence of the coal mining in the area. Rio Turbio was home to the state-owned coal extraction company YCF. The mine is currently operated by Yacimientos Carboníferos Río Turbio.
Río Turbio Airport is located near to 28 de Noviembre town, about 16 km southwest of Rio Turbio.
The Fraternal Order of Real Bearded Santas (FORBS) is a professional fraternity (501c7) for all American men who perform as Santa Claus.  Members must grow & maintain their own facial hair for that purpose, and agree to promote a positive image of Santa. The organization is a non-profit, mutual benefit, voting member corporation based in Orange County, California. It has members in nearly every state, with local & regional chapters meeting monthly for socializing, peer support & training. Membership dues are $25.00 per year.
FORBS has pioneered the most comprehensive professional benefits package in the Christmas Community—including in-depth background checks provided by the same company which serves the U.S. Departments of State & Defense, as well as the entertainment industry's first liability insurance policy to also defend performers against false allegations of abuse or molestation; protection ranges from $2,000,000 - $4,000,000 coverage per member.
The University of Puerto Rico (Spanish: Universidad de Puerto Rico, UPR) is the main public university system in the U.S. Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. It is a government-owned corporation with 11 campuses and approximately 58,000 students and 5,300 faculty members. UPR has the largest and most diverse academic offerings in the commonwealth, with 472 academic programs of which 32 lead to a doctorate.
Raila Amolo Odinga (born 7 January 1945) is a Kenyan politician who served as the Prime Minister of Kenya from 2008 to 2013. He is assumed as the Leader of Opposition in Kenya since 2013 as the New Constitution of Kenya does not prescribe for such a position. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Langata from 1992 to 2007. Raila Odinga served in the Cabinet of Kenya as Minister for Energy from 2001 to 2002, and as the Minister for Roads, Public Works and Housing from 2003 to 2005. Odinga was appointed High Representative for Infrastructure Development at the African Union Commission in 2018.He was the main opposition candidate in the 2007 presidential election, running against the then incumbent Mwai Kibaki. In the subsequent presidential election 5 years later he placed second against Uhuru Kenyatta, garnering 5,340,546 votes, which represented 43.28% of the total votes cast. He made another attempt for the presidency in August 2017 against Uhuru Kenyatta. The electoral body declared Uhuru Kenyatta winner with 54% of the votes cast to Odinga's 43%. This outcome was eventually annulled by the Supreme Court following findings that the election was marred by "illegalities and irregularities". A subsequent fresh election ordered by the Court was won by Uhuru Kenyatta when Odinga declined to participate citing inadequate reforms to enable a fair process in the repeat poll.
Son of the first Vice President of Kenya, Jaramogi Oginga Odinga, he draws a large chunk of his support from various regions in Kenya, most notably the Coastal Region and his native former Nyanza Province. Odinga is commonly known as "Baba", coincidentally, he was an MP at the same time as his father between 1992 and 1994. Other nicknames that have been associated with the premier are such as "Nyundo" which is hammer in Kiswahili, "Tinga" which means tractor in Kiswahili a symbol of his National Development Party (NDP) and "Agwambo" meaning a man who is unpredictable (enigma or mysterious) and 'Baba' which means a political father.
Odinga first ran for president in the 1997 General Elections, coming third after President Daniel arap Moi of KANU and Mwai Kibaki of the Democratic Party (DP), respectively. He contested for the presidency again in the 2007 General Elections on an Orange Democratic Movement (ODM) ticket.
In readiness for that poll, on 1 September 2007, Odinga was picked as ODM's presidential nominee to face off with PNU's Mwai Kibaki. He managed to garner significant support in that election. According to the he Electoral Commission of Kenya (ECK), the electoral body at the time, he swept the majority of the votes in Rift Valley (Kenya's most populous area), Western, his native Nyanza, and Coast. Kibaki on the other hand won majority votes in Nairobi (the capital), North Eastern province, Central province and Eastern province, taking 4 provinces against Odinga's 4. Odinga's ODM party got 99 out of the 210 seats in the parliament, making it the single largest party in parliament.
The Kriegler report, commissioned to investigate the violent aftermath of the 2007 elections and alleged vote-rigging, stated that about 1.2 million dead voters existed in the voters register, raising serious doubts to the integrity of the election.On 30 December 2007, then chairman of the Kenyan election commission the late Samuel Kivuitu, declared the incumbent, President Kibaki, the winner of the presidential election by a slim margin of about 230,000 votes. Odinga disputed the results, alleging fraud by the election commission. However he refused to follow due process of petitioning the courts, believing that the courts were under manipulation by Kibaki and so could not give a fair and impartial hearing.
Most opinion polls had speculated that Odinga would defeat the president, though the margin kept narrowing as election day neared. Independent international observers have since stated that the poll was marred by irregularities in favor of both PNU and ODM, especially at the final vote-tallying stages. The announcement of Kibaki's win was followed almost immediately by rioting and violent protests, from both ODM and PNU supporters, and the post-election violence continued for several weeks resulting in over 1000 deaths and the displacement of 500,000 people.Besides his father, Odinga is identified as one of the leading forces behind the democratization process of Kenya, particularly during the repressive regime of President Daniel arap Moi (1978–2002) and the lead-up to the adoption of the new Constitution (2010) that re-affirmed many formerly neglected fundamental rights.
In 2017, Odinga ran for the presidency a fourth time, but lost to Uhuru Kenyatta. Odinga contested the election result in the Supreme Court, which nullified the results and called new elections as a result of electoral irregularities. Despite the Supreme Court ruling, Odinga announced on 10 October 2017 that he would withdraw from the second Presidential election.
Buddhabhumi is a Municipality in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Province of southern Nepal. It is located 308 km west of Kathmandu, 47 km west of Butwal and 206 km east of Nepalgung.
On December 2, 2014 Nepal government announced the creation of 61 new municipalities across the country. A meeting of the Cabinet Social Committee held at the Prime Minister's Office at Singdurbar Tuesday took a decision to this effect on a proposal forwarded by the Ministry of Federal Affairs and Local Development (MoFALD).Buddhabhumi was among 61 municipality that has been declared.
Buddhabhumi Municipality was established merging three Village Development Committees, e.g.: Jayanagar, Mahendrakot, Dubiya. It was named Buddhawatika Municipality during establishment, later on 10 March 2017 four more vdcs were Incorporated with it and renamed to Buddhabhumi. The following Vdcs were Incorporated later: Bhrikuti, Mahuba, Manpur and Dhankauli.
Through highway, Buddhabhumi connects western Nepal to the capital Kathmandu.  It has highway connections to the Indian Border at Krishnanagar and to hill towns Sandhikarkha and Tansen. Buddhabatika is a major gateway to the birthplace of gautam buddha.
Buddhabhumi means the land of Gautam Buddha, an icon of peace in the world.
Christel Steffin (born 4 April 1940) is a German former swimmer who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Damascus is a town in Washington County, Virginia, United States. The population was 814 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area (commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region).
Nicetas (c. 335–414) was Bishop of Remesiana, (present-day Bela Palanka, Serbia), which was then in the Roman province of Dacia Mediterranea.
The women's hammer throw event at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Bydgoszcz, Poland, at Zawisza Stadium on 8 and 9 July.
Victor Skersis (Russian: Виктор Анта́насович Скерсис, born July 5, 1956, Moscow) — Moscow conceptualist. Artist, theoretician.
Paul Millsap (born February 10, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). A power forward from Louisiana Tech University, Millsap was selected by the Utah Jazz in the second round (47th overall) of the 2006 NBA draft and was named to the NBA All-Rookie Second Team. He played in Utah until 2013, when he became a member of the Hawks. He is a four-time NBA All-Star.
Peter Gray FRS (25 August 1926 – 7 June 2012) was Professor of Physical Chemistry at the University of Leeds and subsequently Master of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.
Black Sea is a 2014 submarine disaster thriller film directed by Kevin Macdonald, written by Dennis Kelly, and starring Jude Law, Scoot McNairy, Ben Mendelsohn, and David Threlfall. The film was released in the United Kingdom on 5 December 2014, and in the United States on 23 January 2015.
The 1928 United States Senate election in Vermont took place on November 6, 1928. Incumbent Republican Frank L. Greene successfully ran for re-election to another term in the United States Senate, defeating Democratic candidate Fred C. Martin. Greene died in December 1930 and Frank C. Partridge was appointed to fill the seat until a special election could be held in March 1931.
Jim Patterson Stadium is a baseball stadium in Louisville, Kentucky.  It is the home field of the University of Louisville Cardinals college baseball team. It hosted the 2007 NCAA Super Regionals, where the Cardinals defeated Oklahoma State two games to one to advance to the College World Series in Omaha, Nebraska. Since then, the Cardinals have hosted an NCAA Division I Baseball Championship every year since the year of 2012. In 2016, the Cardinals ranked 27th among Division I baseball programs in attendance, averaging 2,606 per home game. Along with that, the Cardinals have been ranked in the top 10 amongst other collegiate baseball teams in the nation according to Baseball America. Coach Dan McDonnell has been the head coach of the Louisville Cardinals baseball team since the year of 2007 after coming from Ole Miss as an assistant coach. Since making his way to Louisville, he has led the team to four College World Series and seven NCAA Super Regionals.
The NAS Award for Chemistry in Service to Society is awarded by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences  "for contributions to chemistry, either in fundamental science or its application, that clearly satisfy a societal need." It has been awarded every two years since its inception in 1991.
Turn On the Bright Lights is the debut studio album by American rock band Interpol, released on August 20, 2002. The album was recorded in November 2001 at Tarquin Studios in Connecticut, and was co-produced, mixed and engineered by Peter Katis and Gareth Jones. It was released on August 19, 2002 in the United Kingdom and August 20 in the United States, through independent record label Matador Records.
Upon release, the record peaked at number 101 on the UK Albums Chart. It reached number 158 on the Billboard 200 in the United States, as well as spending 73 weeks on the Billboard Independent Albums chart, peaking at number five. The songs "PDA", "Obstacle 1" and the double a-side single "Say Hello to the Angels" / "NYC" were released as singles, with music videos being shot for all except "Say Hello to the Angels".
Imagined Wing is a ballet choreographed by Martha Graham to Jeux de Printemps by composer Darius Milhaud. The piece was first presented on October 30, 1944, in the Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Auditorium at the Library of Congress, Washington, D.C.  Costumes were designed by Edythe Gilfond; the set was created by Isamu Noguchi. Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge commissioned the work, along with two other Graham dances, and musical scores for all three dances. Also on the program were Mirror Before Me set to music by Paul Hindemith (later renamed Herodiade) and Appalachian Spring performed to music by Aaron Copland. Imagined Wing's initial showing was also its last. Following tepid reviews, the piece was never performed again.
He made his debut on the Norwegian national team in 1961, 
and played 6 matches for the national team between 1961 and 1962. He participated at the 1961 World Men's Handball Championship.
Science and technology studies (STS) is an interdisciplinary field that examines the creation, development, and consequences of science and technology in their historical, cultural, and social contexts.
Brain-specific serine protease 4 (BSSP-4), also known as serine protease 22 or tryptase epsilon, is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the PRSS22 gene.This gene encodes a member of the trypsin family of serine proteases. The enzyme is expressed in the airways in a developmentally regulated manner. The gene is part of a cluster of serine protease genes on chromosome 16.
Puerto Rico Highway 130 (PR-130) is the main north–south route within the municipality of Hatillo, Puerto Rico.
Somasundaram Senathirajah (Tamil: சோமசுந்தரம் சேனாதிராஜா; born 27 October 1942; commonly known as Mavai Senathirajah) is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and Member of Parliament. He is the current leader of the Illankai Tamil Arasu Kachchi (ITAK), a member of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA).
The 2009 FIM Speedway World Championship Grand Prix of Latvia was the sixth race of the 2009 Speedway Grand Prix season. It took place on 1 August in the Latvijas Spidveja Centrs in Daugavpils, Latvia.The Latvian Grand Prix was won by American Greg Hancock, who beat Kenneth Bjerre, Tomasz Gollob and GP leader Jason Crump in the final.
The Budapest Business Journal or BBJ is an English-language biweekly magazine published in Hungary. It is the largest, oldest and a leading publication in its category in the country.
The Defense Information System Network (DISN) has been the United States Department of Defense's enterprise telecommunications network for providing data, video, and voice services for 40 years.The DISN end-to-end infrastructure is composed of three major segments:
The sustaining base (I.e., base, post, camp, or station, and Service enterprise networks).  The Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (C4I) infrastructure will interface with the long-haul network to support the deployed warfighter.  The sustaining base segment is primarily the responsibility of the individual Services.
The long-haul transport infrastructure, which includes the communication systems and services between the fixed environments and the deployed Joint Task Force (JTF) and/or Coalition Task Force (CTF) warfighter.  The long-haul telecommunications infrastructure segment is primarily the responsibility of DISA.
The deployed warfighter, mobile users, and associated Combatant Commander telecommunications infrastructures are supporting the Joint Task Force (JTF) and/or Coalition Task Force (CTF).  The deployed warfighter and associated Combatant Commander telecommunications infrastructure is primarily the responsibility of the individual Services.The DISN provides the following multiple networking services:
Organizational MessagingThe Organizational Messaging Service provides a range of assured services to the customer community that includes the military services, DoD agencies, combatant commands (CCMDs), non-DoD U.S. government activities, and the Intelligence Community (IC). These services include the ability to exchange official information between military organizations and to support interoperability with allied nations, non-DoD activities, and the IC operating in both the strategic/fixed-base and the tactical/deployed environments. Organizational Messaging supports the assured secure delivery of organizational messages within strict service parameters. This includes delivery times of three minutes or less for high precedence (flash and above) messages across the DISA-provided infrastructure. Additionally, information confidentiality and integrity are guaranteed through the use of NSA-approved Fortezza-based encryption and signature between the Automated Message Handling Systems (AMHSs) operated/maintained by the Services/agencies/COCOMs.
TransportDedicated service is a private-line-transport service that provides point-to-point connectivity to mission partner locations.
DISA mission partners require dedicated point-to-point layer 1 and layer 2 circuits because of the inherent simplicity and security. To satisfy this demand, Dedicated services are currently offered and are available in a variety of bit rates and interfaces.
Enterprise Voice over Internet Protocol (EVoIP)The technical core of the DISN is provided by the capabilities built by DISA from 2002–2006 called the Global Information Grid-Bandwidth Expansion (GIG-BE). This program remains to this day the core of the services provided by DISA to serve the United States.  As one of few on time, within budget, to required performance standard DoD ACAT 1AM programs, GIG-BE shows how a government integrated, contractor assisted acquisition can achieve transformational results. The $877 million programs was the largest DoD information technology transport structure ever built. GIG-BE created a ubiquitous "bandwidth-available" environment to improve national security intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, information assurance, and command and control at locations worldwide. After extensive component integration and operational testing, implementation began in early 2004 and extended through 2005. GIG-BE achieved initial operational capability (IOC) at six sites 30 Sept. 2004. On 20 Dec. 2005, the GIG-BE program achieved the milestone of full operational capability at all of the almost 100 Joint Staff approved sites.
Fire is a 1996 Indo-Canadian erotic romantic drama film written and directed by Deepa Mehta, starring Shabana Azmi and Nandita Das. It is the first installment of Mehta's Elements trilogy; it is succeeded by Earth (1998) and Water (2005).
The film is loosely based on Ismat Chughtai's 1942 story, "Lihaaf" ("The Quilt"). Fire is one of the first mainstream Bollywood films to explicitly show homosexual relations, and the first to feature a lesbian relationship. After its 1998 release in India, activists staged several protests, setting off a flurry of public dialogue around issues such as homosexuality and freedom of speech.
Kumeyaay Lake is a lake in San Diego, California. It is situated in the Mission Trails Regional Park. Formerly a gravel pit, its habitat includes riparian and chaparral plants.
The Mihran Mesrobian House is a historic building located in Chevy Chase, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. The house was designed by well-regarded Washington, D.C.-area architect Mihran Mesrobian. It is the only residence that he designed for himself and his wife, Zabelle. Mesrobian was better known for his Beaux-Arts designs in the 1920s and Art Deco designs in the 1930s. He chose the Art Moderne style for his house, which was completed in 1941. It stands out among the more traditional revival styles in the neighborhood. Earlier designs for the house show "a much more radical, modernistic design," but he made concessions to the "Chevy Chase Land Company's more conservative design covenants." The two-story frame and brick veneer structure has a full basement. It features asymmetrical massing, whitewashed brick that resembles concrete, glass block panels, a sun porch on the second floor, and a low hip roof. The cinderblock and brick perimeter wall with classical cast-stone decorative elements and the gate were also designed by Mesrobian and completed in 1945.
Mesrobian lived in the house until his death in 1975. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2017.
The 101st Signal Battalion, headquartered in Yonkers, New York, is an Echelons Above Corps Signal Unit of the New York Army National Guard. It is subordinate to the 53rd Troop Command.
Olivia Mariamne Devenish (16 February 1771 – 26 November 1814), was the spouse of Sir Stamford Raffles, vice governor of Java (1811–1816), from 1805 to 1814. A memorial monument was erected to her memory in the botanical garden of Buitenzorg (Bogor).
Peggy Piesche (born 1968 in Arnstadt, Germany) is a German literary and cultural scientist, works in adult education and works as a consultant for diversity, intersectionality and decoloniality in the Bundeszentrale für politische Bildung (Federal Agency for Civic Education). Peggy Piesche is one of the most famous voices of Black women in Germany. Her identities also include lesbian.
The Alungul language, Ogh Alungul (Alngula), is an extinct Paman language of the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland, Australia.
The black ruby barb (Pethia nigrofasciata, formerly Puntius nigrofasciatus) or purplehead barb is a tropical cyprinid fish endemic to Sri Lanka, where it occurs in forested streams from the Kelani basin to the Nilwala basin. They are found in streams on hills around 1000 ft (300 m) in elevation.  The brightly colored population introduced to Mahaweli at Ginigathena, Sri Lanka, is said to have diminished in number due to the aquarium export trade.
Kwon Jung-dong (Korean: 권중동; 10 September 1932 – 26 November 2021) was a South Korean politician. A member of the Democratic Justice Party, he served as Minister of Labor from 1980 to 1982 and in the National Assembly from 1985 to 1988.
Hamburg Commercial Bank (formerly HSH Nordbank) is a commercial bank in northern Europe with headquarters in Hamburg as well as Kiel, Germany. It is active in corporate and private banking. Considered to be the world’s largest provider of maritime finance, its main focus is on shipping, transportation, real estate and renewable energy. The Bank changed its name from HSH Nordbank to Hamburg Commercial Bank (HCOB) on February 4, 2019 after the Bank was sold to new owners in 2018.  HCOB has significant operations in Luxembourg,  London (the Bank no longer has an office in London) and Singapore.
Gomant Vibhushan Award  is the highest civilian honour of the State of Goa. It is given annually by Government of Goa to people of Goan origin for exceptional work in any field.The award was instituted by Goa Directorate of Art and Culture, Government of Goa. It is presented by the Governor of Goa at a public function, and carries a memento, which is a glass-encased traditional brass lamp, a citation and ₹ 5 lakhs, as a monetary award.
Rajat Bedi (born Rajat Narendra Bedi) is an Indo-Canadian actor, television producer, entrepreneur and stuntman who primarily appears in Bollywood films. Known for his role as Raj Saxena in the film Koi... Mil Gaya (2003), Bedi has worked over 40 films, including Rakht (2004), Khamoshh... Khauff Ki Raat (2005) and Rocky - The Rebel (2006).He is married to Monalisa Bedi (sister of actress Tulip Joshi) and has 2 children.
Richard B. Seabrook (1910 – 31 January 1986) was a British trade unionist and politician.
Synsepalum aubrevillei is a species of plant in the family Sapotaceae. It is found in Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana, and is threatened by habitat loss.
Palaeonycteris is an extinct genus of the horseshoe bat family. It is the only fossil genus of the horseshoe bats, and the only other genus in the family besides Rhinolophus. It is known from the Oligocene of Europe. The type species of the genus is Palaeonycteris robustus.Several species have been assigned to this genus:
Spodnja Orlica (pronounced [ˈspoːdnja ˈoːɾlitsa]) is a dispersed settlement in the Pohorje Hills south of Vuhred in the Municipality of Radlje ob Dravi in Slovenia.
Leaderless resistance, or phantom cell structure, is a social resistance strategy in which small, independent groups (covert cells), or individuals (a solo cell is called a "lone wolf"), challenge an established institution such as a law, economic system, social order, or government. Leaderless resistance can encompass anything from non-violent protest and civil disobedience to vandalism, terrorism, and other violent activity.
Leaderless cells lack vertical command links and so operate without hierarchical command, but they have a common goal that links them to the social movement from which their ideology was learned.Leaderless resistance has been employed by a wide range of movements, including animal-liberation, radical environmentalist, anti-abortion, military invasion resistance, anarchist organizations, colonialism resistance, terrorist, and hate groups.The non-hierarchical, decentralized organization is simple and difficult to stamp out. However, with the absence of a formal hierarchy and formal criteria for membership and affiliation, they are vulnerable to appropriation, false flagging or hostile takeover from the outside, since anyone can declare oneself a member of and affiliate with the group.
The 1919 Brown Bears football team represented Brown University during the 1919 college football season.
Tou Xiong (born 1989/1990) is an American politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), he represents District 53A in the eastern Twin Cities metropolitan area.
Catloaf (also spelt as cat loaf and sometimes known as hovercat and tugboat) is an internet phenomenon and term used to describe a domestic cat's sitting position in which its paws and tail are tucked under the body, forming a loaf-like shape. A speculation for the sitting position indicated that the cat is relaxed and feels unthreatened, and therefore has no need to sit in a position where it would have to attack. Another potential reason for this sitting position is for the cat to maintain a comfortable body temperature without having to move.There is no clear date for when the word catloaf was first used or the position was popularly recognized, but it likely has been a relevant term since as early as 1999 originating in Usenet newsgroups. However, widespread popularity of the word had not gained peak popularity until the 2010s in social media sites such as Reddit and Twitter, as well as Facebook, where the sitting position is also known as "tugboat" in the "Tuggin'" group. Alongside the social media groups, websites such as Kitty Loaf have also been created specifically for the phenomenon.
Bucculatrix pectinifera is a moth in the family Bucculatricidae. It is found in the Jewish Autonomous Oblast of Russia. The species was described in 2007 by Svetlana Vladimirovna Baryshnikova.
Hardware-based encryption is the use of computer hardware to assist software, or sometimes replace software, in the process of data encryption. Typically, this is implemented as part of the processor's instruction set. For example, the AES encryption algorithm (a modern cipher) can be implemented using the AES instruction set on the ubiquitous x86 architecture. Such instructions also exist on the ARM architecture. However, more unusual systems exist where the cryptography module is separate from the central processor, instead being implemented as a coprocessor, in particular a secure cryptoprocessor or cryptographic accelerator, of which an example is the IBM 4758, or its successor, the IBM 4764. Hardware implementations can be faster and less prone to exploitation than traditional software implementations, and furthermore can be protected against tampering.
Joseph Jefferson III, commonly known as Joe Jefferson (February 20, 1829 – April 23, 1905), was an American actor. He was the third actor of this name in a family of actors and managers, and one of the most famous 19th century American comedians. Beginning as a young child, he continued as a performer for most of his 76 years. Jefferson was particularly well known for his adaptation and portrayal of Rip Van Winkle on the stage, reprising the role in several silent film adaptations. After 1865, he created no other major role and toured with this play for decades.
This is a list of the Belgium national football team's results from 1901 to the present day that, for various reasons, are not accorded the status of official internationals.The nine games played between Belgium and England's amateur team are not considered as official by the opponents; this also applies to a game played between Belgium and England in 1946, which is classified by the English FA as an unofficial 'Victory International'. While the Belgian Football Association does not take several Olympic Games matches of Belgium into account, according to the RSSSF there is no reason to doubt about the official character.
The 766th Independent Infantry Regiment (Korean: 제766독립보병련대) was a light infantry unit of North Korea's Korean People's Army (KPA) that existed briefly during the Korean War. It was headquartered in Hoeryong, North Korea, and was also known as the 766th Unit (Korean: 766부대). Trained extensively in amphibious warfare and unconventional warfare, the 766th Regiment was considered a special forces commando unit. The regiment was trained to conduct assaults by sea and then to lead other North Korean units on offensive operations, to infiltrate behind enemy lines, and to disrupt enemy supplies and communications.
Activated in 1949, the regiment trained for more than a year before the outbreak of the war on June 25, 1950. On that day, half of the regiment led North Korean forces against South Korean troops by land and sea, pushing them back after several days of fighting. Over the next six weeks, the regiment advanced slowly down the Korean Peninsula, acting as a forward unit of the North Korean army. Suffering from a lack of supplies and mounting casualties, the regiment was committed to the Battle of Pusan Perimeter as part of a push to force United Nations (UN) troops out of Korea.
The regiment saw its final action at the Battle of P'ohang-dong, fighting unsuccessfully to take the town from U.N. troops. Racked by U.N. naval and air forces and suffering extensive losses from continuous fighting, the regiment was forced to retreat from the P'ohang-dong battlefield. It moved north, joining a concentration of other KPA units, before being disbanded and absorbed into the KPA's 12th Division.
The 1920 Missouri lieutenant gubernatorial election was held on November 2, 1920. Republican nominee Hiram Lloyd defeated Democratic nominee Carter M. Buford with 54.49% of the vote.
The Serb List (Serbian: Српска листа / Srpska lista) was a minor Serbian nationalist and political party in Montenegro, established on 5 January 2012.
1980 saw the inaugural national football championship in Vietnam known locally as the Vietnam National A1 Football Cup.17 teams took part in the competition that was played in two stages; a Group stage featuring 3 groups of 6 and 5 teams and a Championship stage featuring the three group winners.
Gary Chevsky (born 11 September 1972 in Odessa, USSR) is an American entrepreneur, engineer and was the founding architect of Ask.com. He served as President at Tango mobile video and audio-over-IP calling service for consumers, before founding a Social Virtual Reality company StayUp Inc.
The Avro 529 was a twin-engined biplane long-range bomber of the First World War. Two prototypes were built but no production ensued.
Photoionisation cross section in the context of condensed matter physics refers to the probability of a particle (usually an electron) being emitted from its electronic state.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 179 was adopted on June 11, 1963. The parties directly concerned with the situation in Yemen agreed to disengage and the Governments of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Republic agreed to pay the expenses for a UN observers mission over 2 months.  The Council urged the parties to observe the terms of disengagement and requested the Secretary-General establish the observation operation as he defined and to report to the Council on the implementation of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted with ten votes; the Soviet Union abstained.
Mondol Seima District (Khmer: ស្រុកមណ្ឌលសីម៉ា) is a district (srok) of Koh Kong Province, in south-western Cambodia. The Kah Bpow River flows through it.
The TianQin Project (Chinese: 天琴计划) is a proposed space-borne gravitational-wave observatory (gravitational-wave detector) consisting of three spacecraft in Earth orbit. The TianQin project is being led by Professor Luo Jun (Chinese: 罗俊), President of Sun Yat-sen University, and is based in the university's Zhuhai campus. Construction on project-related infrastructure, which will include a research building, ultra-quiet cave laboratory, and observation center, began in March 2016. The project is estimated to cost 15 billion RMB (US$2.3 billion), with a projected launch date in 2030s. In December 2019, China launched "Tianqin-1, its first satellite for space-based gravitational wave detection."The project's name combines the Chinese words "Tian" (天), meaning sky or heavens, and "Qin" (琴), meaning stringed instrument. This name refers to the metaphorical concept of gravitational waves "plucking the strings" by causing fluctuations in the 100,000 kilometer laser beams stretching between each of the three TianQin spacecraft.
The observatory will consist of three identical drag-free controlled spacecraft in high Earth orbits at an altitude of about 100,000 km. The nominal source of the observatory is a white-dwarf binary RX J0806.3+1527 (also known as HM Cancri). This could serve as a good calibration source for the TianQin gravitational wave observatory. 
Similar configuration of geocentric orbit space-borne gravitational wave detectors have been developed since 2011, and was shown to have favorable properties for observing intermediate-mass and massive black-hole binaries.Apart from Galactic binaries, the TianQin observatory can also detect sources like massive black hole binaries, extreme mass ratio inspirals, stellar-mass black hole binary inspirals, and stochastic gravitational wave background, etc.The detection rate for massive black hole binaries is expected to be as high as about 60 per year, and TianQin would have accurate estimate to the source's parameters, which enable the potential for distinguishing the seed models for massive black holes, as well as issuing early warning for nearby mergers.
It can also be used to test the no-hair theorem  or constrain modified gravity.
Shoto is an unincorporated community located in the town of Two Rivers, Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, United States.
In English law, the defence of necessity recognizes that there may be situations of such overwhelming urgency that a person must be allowed to respond by breaking the law. There have been very few cases in which the defence of necessity has succeeded, and in general terms there are very few situations where such a defence could even be applicable. The defining feature of such a defence is that the situation is not caused by another person (which would fall under either duress or self-defence) and that the accused was in genuine risk of immediate harm or danger.
For the most part crimes that could be justified as necessary are minor in nature, such as driving over the speed limit to reach medical care, or damaging property to escape a fire. In almost all cases where a serious crime has taken place, necessity is unlikely to be a successful defence as courts have mostly taken the view that directly harming another person could not be justified even by extreme circumstances unless it directly prevented immediate serious harm or death. Even if a person were already likely to die, and their death would allow others to survive, killing them is not necessary until the point where harm is imminently likely to occur to the others and if that harm is not immediate, then necessity cannot apply. As such the circumstances where necessity could apply to a serious crime are extremely narrow, involving two or more people in an immediately life-threatening situation where only one could survive. Even in this situation, as the law does allow for a person not to take actions that would save another person if to do so would put their own life at risk, it is seldom strictly necessary for one person to kill another, one allowing the other to die in the course of the situation, then saving themselves.
The Crown Prosecution Service has historically chosen to exercise its discretion not to prosecute those cases where it believes potential defendants have acted reasonably in all the circumstances, and as such where necessity is a strong defence.
Susan Rubio (born December 25, 1970) is an American politician serving in the California State Senate. A Democrat, she represents the 22nd Senate District in eastern Los Angeles County. Prior to being elected to the California Legislature in 2018, she was an elected official for the City of Baldwin Park for 13 years and a public school teacher for 17 years.
She is the first Latina Chair of the State Senate Insurance Committee, Chair of the Senate Select Committee on Domestic Violence, and Senate Assistant Majority Whip.
Charles Manning Reed Mansion, also known as the Erie Club, is a historic home / clubhouse located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. The original section of the 2 1/2-story, brick mansion was built between 1846 and 1849. It was expanded with a one-story bay about 1855, a two-story bay about 1865, and a two-story extension in 1970. The front facade features a pedimented portico with four two-story, fluted Ionic order columns in the Greek Revival style. Connected to the house is a one-story, recreation hall measuring 20 feet wide and 120 feet long, with an addition built about 1920. Its builder was a descendant of the first permanent settler of Erie, Colonel Set Reed. The Erie Club purchased the property in 1904.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.  It is located in the West Sixth Street Historic District.
State Route 176 (SR 176) was created in September 1980 along previous County/Secondary State Roads 81 and 89 in DeKalb County and part of County/Secondary State Road 89 in Cherokee County.  Part of the route took over what had been State Route 275 and forms the northern end of the Little River Canyon Rim Parkway: a scenic, but severely substandard highway following the northern rim of the limestone canyon for 22 miles (35 km).
The discography of Spice 1 consists of 12 studio albums, one EP, 11 compilation albums and six charting singles.
Galgamácsa is a village in Pest county, Hungary. Since 2019, the mayor has been Tamás Ecker.Since 1977, the village has had a museum, the Vankóné Dudás Juli Memorial House, dedicated primarily to the work of folk artist Juli Vankóné Dudás, born in Galgamácsa. She contributed significantly to its creation.
Eka Dawasaka Api (The Day We Will) (එක දවසක අපි) is a 2018 Sri Lankan Sinhala romantic film directed by Anuruddha Jayasinghe, produced by Vinode Productions and Executive Producer Arosha Fernando for Universal Media. It stars Pubudu Chathuranga and newcomer Nayanathara Wickramaarachchi in lead roles.. Music composed by Navaratne Gamage. The film has been shot around central hills of Sri Lanka, from Mahiyangana, Mawanella and the surrounding areas of Kandy and Peradeniya mean while in University of Peradeniya.The muhurat ceremony was celebrated at the Regal Theatre, Colombo. The film was released on 1 February 2018 for a limited period in 40 film theaters across Sri Lanka in the CEL Film Circuit. The film was also will be available in Dialog's Vinode mobile app as well. It is the 1295th Sri Lankan film in the Sinhala cinema.
Taras Dmytrovych Kostanchuk (Ukrainian: Тара́с Дми́трович Костанчу́к; born 9 March 1964) is a Ukrainian public activist. He is the leader of the civil organization "Military-Patriotic Association of the ATO participants "Justice" and the former commander of the assault group of the volunteer battalion “Donbas” (2014). He is a former candidate for president of Ukraine and a candidate for the People's Deputies of Ukraine. He was demobilized in the spring of 2015.
Lake Mack-Forest Hills is a census-designated place (CDP) in Lake County, Florida, United States. It contains the unincorporated communities of Forest Hills and Lake Mack Park. The population was 1,010 at the 2010 census, up from 989 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Orlando–Kissimmee–Sanford Metropolitan Statistical Area.
In the early morning of February 2, 2007, a tornado touched down, destroying a large portion of the community as well as killing at least 14.
The blackish blind snake (Anilios nigrescens) is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family native to south-eastern Australia.
Mathurin Coffi Nago is a Beninese politician who was President of the National Assembly of Benin from 2007 to 2015. Previously he was Minister of Higher Education and Vocational Training from 2006 to 2007.
The FOIA Oversight and Implementation Act of 2014 (H.R. 1211) is a bill that would amend the Freedom of Information Act in order to make it easier and faster to request and receive information. The bill would require the Office of Management and Budget to create a single FOIA website for people to use to make FOIA requests and check on the status of their request. The bill would also create a Chief FOIA Officers Council charged with reviewing compliance and recommending improvements. This bill would also require the federal agency to release the information it disclosed to the person who requested it publicly afterwards.The bill was introduced in the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress.
Stephen Slesnick (born December 3, 1977) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives who represented the 49th District from 2008 to 2016. A Democrat, Slesnick represented portions of Stark County, including Canton and Massillon.
The Este  (German pronunciation ) (Low Saxon: Eest) is a 63.6-kilometre-long (39.5 mi) left-bank tributary of the river Elbe that flows through Lower Saxony and Hamburg, Germany.
This is a list of women artists who were born in Slovakia or whose artworks are closely associated with that country.
Neville Kloppers (born c. 1962), is a Zimbabwean rugby union player who played as lock.
Mark O'Riordan (born 1980 in Croom, County Limerick) is an Irish sportsperson.  He plays hurling with his local club Croom and with the Limerick senior inter-county team. He also plays with the Limerick senior football team.
Ray Walker (born March 16, 1934) is a member of the singing group The Jordanaires. Walker has been the bass singer for the group since 1958. During his tenure with The Jordanaires, the group was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame, the NACMAI (North American Country Music Association International) Hall of Fame, the Gospel Music Hall of Fame, Rockabilly Hall of Fame, and the Vocal Group Hall of Fame. Walker was also awarded the "Avalon Award," the highest award given for contribution and accomplishment by his alma mater, David Lipscomb University, in 2005.
Gmina Trzyciąż is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the village of Trzyciąż, which lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Olkusz and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The gmina covers an area of 96.56 square kilometres (37.3 sq mi), and as of 2006 its total population is 7,131.
The gmina contains part of the protected area called Dłubnia Landscape Park.
Mount Elizabeth Hospital, known colloquially as Mount E, is a 345-bed private hospital in Singapore operated by Parkway Health. Construction began in 1976 and the hospital officially opened on 8 December 1979. The hospital specialises in cardiology, oncology, and neuroscience, among other tertiary services. It is also recognised as a multi-organ transplant speciality hospital. Since 1995, it has been owned by Parkway Holdings Ltd.
The hospital is accredited by Joint Commission International and is located in Singapore's Orchard Road, on Mount Elizabeth. It is the first private hospital in Singapore to perform open-heart surgery and to establish a nuclear medicine centre.The Royal Family of Brunei built a Royal Suite in the hospital for their own use. It was later made available for use by other patients.In 2016 the cost of a bed in a four-bed ward was $276 a night. A single room was $640 a night.The adjacent Mount Elizabeth Medical Centre (MEMC) houses clinics with private medical specialists only. Doctors have to be specialists accredited by the Singapore Medical Council in order to practice in Mount Elizabeth Medical Centre. They practice in 31 specialities in total, including anaesthesiology, cardiology, cardiothoracic surgery, dental specialties, endocrinology, gastroenterology, general surgery, medical oncology, neurology, obstetrics and gynaecology, orthopaedic surgery, otorhinolaryngology, paediatric medicine, plastic surgery, renal medicine, respiratory medicine, and urology. Consultation and treatment rates vary per condition, clinic, and specialist.
The medical centre caters to patients of all ages from Singapore, Southeast Asia, and international patients from all countries visiting Singapore. Staff who understand multiple languages such as Indonesian, Russian, and Malay are available on-site to provide translations. The medical centre also contains pharmacies and shops on the second floor.
Osvaldo Félix Souza (born 7 April 1981 in Jequié), known as Val Baiano, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Penapolense.
Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi (星空へ架かる橋), sometimes shortened to Hoshikaka and also known by the translation A Bridge to the Starry Skies, is an Japanese adult visual novel developed and published by Feng, released on October 15, 2010 for Windows. The story, a mostly comedic slice-of-life, centers on Kazuma Hoshino, an adolescent boy who moves into rural Japan with his brother, and the personal and romantic encounters he has with a handful of the female residents there. Though the game requires little interaction from users, Hoshikaka engages the player through a nonlinear plot that they are given opportunities to change the course of during play.
Feng announced work on Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi in May 2009 and marketed it through public venues and the broadcast of a radio drama throughout development. The game was postponed a total of nine times and released almost a year after its initial date but was met with relatively positive reception. On November 11, 2011 Feng announced work on a fan disc for the game, set to be released on February 24, 2012.
Following the game's release, Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi made transitions into other media. Two volumes of a manga were published, as was an art book, audio dramas and several albums of music. A twelve-episode animated television series and direct-to-video (OVA) single release was also produced by Doga Kobo.
Flame in the Mist is a 2017 young adult novel by Renee Ahdieh. It is a historical fantasy, based loosely on feudal Japan, about the betrothed daughter of a prominent samurai, Hattori, who having survived an assassination attempt disguises herself as a boy and infiltrates the clan responsible.
Sandro Burki (born 16 September 1985) is a retired footballer from Switzerland who played as a midfielder. He is currently the sporting director of FC Aarau.
The Mono Basin is an endorheic drainage basin located east of Yosemite National Park in California and Nevada. It is bordered to the west by the Sierra Nevada, to the east by the Cowtrack Mountains, to the north by the Bodie Hills, and to the south by the north ridge of the Long Valley Caldera.Estimates of the size of the basin range from 634 to 801 square miles, and the basin's elevation ranges from around 6,380 feet (level of Mono Lake as of 1986) to 13,061 feet atop Mount Dana near the Sierra Crest.Notable features in the basin include Mono Lake and the Mono-Inyo Craters, as well as the town of Lee Vining.
The Miracle Game (originally Mirákl) is a Czech novel by Josef Škvorecký published in 1972 by Sixty Eight Publishers in Toronto, Canada. It was translated into English in 1990 by Paul Wilson, and according to The Times is Skvorecky's masterpiece. It was his response to Prague Spring events of 1968 Czechoslovakia. and contains unflattering references to real people, Future Czech President Václav Havel becomes "the world-famous playwright Hejl", the writer Bohumil Hrabal appears as the "gifted non-party novelist Nabal".
Älvsjö (pronunciation) is a district of the city of Stockholm Municipality in Sweden, located in the borough Älvsjö in Söderort. It has the biggest rentable facility in northern Europe called Stockholm International Fairs, and also the hotel Scandic Talk Hotel, which both are located east of Älvsjö commuter train station. In 2017, the total population of the district was 1,530 inhabitants.The name was written Elffuesio in 1461. The origin of the first element is unclear – it is possibly derived from an Old Swedish male name *Ælve, but that interpretation is uncertain. The last element sjö 'lake' refers to Brännkyrkasjön, a former lake east of Älvsjö.
Technical and vocational education and training (TVET) in Mauritius provides technical and practical training for employment to students. Pre-vocational education in Mauritius provides preparation for technical and vocational education and training. Vocational education streams provide options for study and career development for school leavers as well as professionals.
Skandranon Rashkae is one of the two fictional protagonists of the Mage Wars series by Mercedes Lackey and Larry Dixon and titular character of two of the three books. 
He is a gryphon, an intelligent hybrid of both raptor and feline parts, a species artificially created by Urtho, the Mage of Silence.  Despite being referred to as 'the Black Gryphon', he is not naturally black, and it is stated within the novel The Black Gryphon that he in fact dyes his feathers.  During the events at the end of the book however he is bleached white by magic, leading to the title of the sequel The White Gryphon.  In the third book of the series, The Silver Gryphon, he is a secondary character.
Skandranon is portrayed as vain and publicly aloof, but also brave the point of recklessness, insisting he personally carries out dangerous missions.  He is also shown to be the closest of all the gryphons to Urtho, the creator of his species.  It is noted within the Black Gryphon that he is the only one permitted to enter Urtho's tower as he pleases.   He is also an avid reader; the character Amberdrake mentions 'Skan's cures for boredom are reading, sleeping and teasing his friends, in that order'.   
In addition to being the "prime specimen of his species" he is a superb aerial warrior and Master-class mage.  His mate, Zhaneel, is said to be the first true-bred "Gryfalcon" type, but she is not the first.  While he can usually enunciate perfectly, while angered or injured his speech distinctively rolls the rs and s's so more people are likely to take notice.
In series set later but in the same world, Gryphons of that time mention that it is an honour to be treading the same ground as 'The Great Skandranon' while exploring the ruins of Urtho's tower.
This is a sortable table of the approximately 2,060 townlands in County Roscommon, Ireland.Duplicate names occur where there is more than one townland with the same name in the county. Names marked in bold typeface are towns and villages, and the word Town appears for those entries in the Acres column.
Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer is a 1986 American psychological horror crime film directed and co-written by John McNaughton about the random crime spree of a serial killer who seemingly operates with impunity. It stars Michael Rooker in his debut as the nomadic killer Henry, Tom Towles as Otis, a prison buddy with whom Henry is living, and Tracy Arnold as Becky, Otis's sister. The characters of Henry and Otis are loosely based on convicted real life serial killers Henry Lee Lucas and Ottis Toole.
Henry was filmed in 1985 but had difficulty finding a film distributor.  It premiered at the Chicago International Film Festival in 1986 and played at other festivals throughout the late 1980s. Following successful showings during which it attracted both controversy and positive critical attention, the film was rated "X" by the MPAA, further increasing its reputation for controversy.  It was subsequently picked up for a limited release in 1990 in an unrated version.  It was shot on 16mm in less than a month with a budget of $110,000.
The original poster artwork was a painting by Joe Coleman. It was considered too extreme and, after being withdrawn, was replaced by the current official poster.
The Bella Coola Music Festival takes place in the month of July in Bella Coola, British Columbia, Canada. It offers a diverse line-up of music: roots, rock, world, blues, folk and more.
Andrea Natale is an Italian-born American cardiologist and electrophysiologist, i.e. a heart rhythm specialist. Natale is known for his work in atrial fibrillation ablation, and he is currently the executive director at the Texas Cardiac Arrhythmia Institute.
Art Camacho is an American film director, producer, actor and stuntman. His directorial work includes  Recoil in 1998, 13 Dead Men in 2003, Confessions of a Pit Fighter in 2005 and  Half Past Dead 2 in 2007; Assassin X in 2016, and Wild League in 2018,. His acting work includes  Chinatown Connection in 1990, The Power Within in 1995, Tiger Heart in 1996 and Little Bigfoot 2: The Journey Home. Camacho's autobiography  "A filmmaker's Journey" was published in 2017.
Sadashiva "Sadu" Karnik is an Indian-born American molecular biologist who is a Professor in the Molecular Medicine Department of Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University. He is also head of the Karnik-lab at the Lerner Research Institute of Cleveland Clinic.
W. Stanley Wadlow (December 25, 1903 – July 27, 1989) was an alderman for East York, Ontario, served as the borough's commissioner of Parks and Recreation, and a former soccer player.
Beaver Hunt is a pornographic magazine aimed at men and published in the United States. It was first published in 1979 by Larry Flynt. It was an offshoot of Hustler magazines's popular running feature, "Beaver Hunt", which first appeared in the July 1976 issue of Hustler magazine. The feature became so popular that Larry Flynt decided to create a magazine highlighting only reader-submitted photos.
Though the title of the magazine has changed somewhat over the years (Hustler Beaver Hunt, The Best of Hustler Beaver Hunt, Hustler Best of Beaver Hunt), several times a year LFP Publishes Best of Beaver Hunt featuring standout pictorials previously seen in the pages of Hustler.
Life Is Good is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Gord Bamford. It was released on October 19, 2004 by GWB Records and distributed by Royalty Records. Six singles were released from the album: "Heroes," "My Heart's a Genius," "All About Her," "Life Is Good" and "I Would for You."
Sarah Cowley (married name Cowley-Ross, born 3 February 1984) is a New Zealand track and field athlete. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's heptathlon event. She will be reporting from the Tokyo Olympics for TVNZ.
Le Manège enchanté (British English: The Magic Roundabout, American English: The Magic Carousel) is a popular French animated children's television series of hundreds of episodes each five minutes long, which premiered on October 5, 1963 on the first channel of the ORTF. Serge Danot created the series.The series features characters in the make-believe land of Bois-Joli: Père Pivoine, the owner of the roundabout; Zébulon, a jack-in-the-box; Pollux the British dog; Azalée the cow; Ambroise the snail; Flappy the Spanish rabbit; Margote, a girl; and Jouvence Pio, a gardener who starts every sentence with "Hep Hep Hep".
The footage was used by the BBC to produce an English-language version, The Magic Roundabout, using scripts that bore little relation to the original story lines.
Tram Power is a Merseyside-based manufacturer of tramway vehicles. It built a single prototype, called the Citytram, which was tested on the Wirral Tramway and Blackpool Tramway from 2005 to 2007. The company is planning to build a tram line in Preston, Lancashire.
Guy Decomble (1910–1964) was a French film and television actor. A character actor he played in a number of supporting parts in postwar cinema. One of his better known roles is as the teacher in The 400 Blows by François Truffaut.
Elelenwo is a town in the metropolitan area of Port Harcourt, Nigeria, a country in West Africa. It is home to several state-owned media establishments, including Rivers State Television (RSTV) and Radio Rivers.
Pressure Point is a 2001 Canadian–American action thriller film, starring Michael Madsen. It was directed by Eric Weston.
Clemency Burton-Hill (born 1981) is an English broadcaster, author, novelist, journalist and violinist. In her early career she also worked as an actress. In January 2020 she suffered a brain haemorrhage and underwent emergency surgery in New York City but was able to return to work in 2021.
Kasaragod Lok Sabha constituency (Malayalam: കാസർഗോഡ് ലോക്സഭാ മണ്ഡലം) is one of the 20 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Kerala state in southern India.
Weis Markets, Inc. ( doing business as Weis and stylized as weis) is a Mid-Atlantic food retailer based in Sunbury, Pennsylvania, It currently operates 196 stores with over 23,000 employees in Pennsylvania, Maryland, New York, New Jersey, West Virginia, Virginia, and Delaware. As of December 2017, The Weis family owns 65% of the company stock which has been listed on NYSE since 1965.
The BB 22200 is a class of electric locomotives in service with the French railways SNCF, built by Alstom between 1976 and 1986. They are a dual voltage version (1500 V DC and 25 kV 50 Hz AC) of the BB 7200 and BB 15000 classes.From 1994 nine of the class were used for hauling freight trains through the Channel Tunnel as the Class 92 locomotives were not yet delivered. These were numbered 22379/380/399-405, and were used until 1995. For use on British railways these locomotives were allocated the UK TOPS number Class 22.
Star Trek: Planet of the Titans, also known as Star Trek: Planet of Titans, is an unproduced film based on Star Trek, which reached the script and design phases of pre-production. Following the success of Star Trek in broadcast syndication during the early 1970s and the popularity of the series at science-fiction conventions, Paramount Studios made several attempts to produce a feature film based upon the series. In 1975, Star Trek: The God Thing was proposed by franchise creator Gene Roddenberry but was not picked up by the studio.
The following year, pre-production began again on a film with a treatment and subsequent script called Planet of the Titans, produced by British writing team Chris Bryant and Allan Scott, with the intention of keeping costs down by filming in the United Kingdom. There were difficulties in ensuring that both William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy would sign to the film, as Shatner's deal with Paramount had expired, and Nimoy was concerned with unauthorized use of his image on merchandising. Philip Kaufman was signed to direct, after several other filmmakers were approached. The plot would have seen the crew investigating the homeworld of the mythical Titans, and in escaping through a black hole are hurled into the prehistoric past where they teach early man how to make fire.
After their script was rejected, Bryant and Scott quit, and Kaufman created a new script treatment, but it too was rejected, and the project was killed on May 8, 1977, some two weeks before the release of Star Wars. Various reasons have been cited for the cancellation, including regime change at Paramount, and that executives thought they had missed their window due to Star Wars' imminent release, believing science fiction fans would not pay to see two such films. Paramount immediately changed course and launched a plan to take Star Trek back to television via a new network as Star Trek: Phase II.
Turkovići Ogulinski is a village in Karlovac, Croatia, and a suburb of Ogulin. 
The village sits on the foothills of Klek, near the Vitunjčica River.
Turkovići Ogulinski was previously incorporated with the Frankopan City of Vitunj, however, the city was abandoned in 1575. In 1847, the first waterway for Ogulin was built in Turkovići. 
According to the Census of 2001, the village had a population of 255 residents, along with 82 family households.
The oldest dated rocks formed on Earth, as an aggregate of minerals that have not been subsequently broken down by erosion or melted, are more than 4 billion years old, formed during the Hadean Eon of Earth's geological history. Meteorites that were formed in other planetary systems can pre-date Earth. Particles from the Murchison meteorite were dated in January 2020 to be 7 billion years old.Hadean rocks are exposed on Earth's surface in very few places, such as in the geologic shields of Canada, Australia, and Africa. The ages of these felsic rocks are generally between 2.5 and 3.8 billion years. The approximate ages have a margin of error of millions of years. In 1999, the oldest known rock on Earth was dated to 4.031 ±0.003 billion years, and is part of the Acasta Gneiss of the Slave craton in northwestern Canada. Researchers at McGill University found a rock with a very old model age for extraction from the mantle (3.8 to 4.28 billion years ago) in the Nuvvuagittuq greenstone belt on the coast of Hudson Bay, in northern Quebec; the true age of these samples is still under debate, and they may actually be closer to 3.8 billion years old. Older than these rocks are crystals of the mineral zircon, which can survive the disaggregation of their parent rock and be found and dated in younger rock formations.
In January 2019, NASA scientists reported the discovery of the oldest known Earth rock, found on the Moon. Apollo 14 astronauts returned several rocks from the Moon and, later, scientists determined that a fragment from a rock nicknamed Big Bertha, which had been chosen by astronaut Alan Shepard, contained "a bit of Earth from about 4 billion years ago". The rock fragment contained quartz, feldspar, and zircon, all common on Earth, but highly uncommon on the Moon. In January 2020, astronomers reported that the oldest material on Earth found so far are Murchison meteorite particles that have been determined to be 7 billion years old, billions of years older than the 4.54 billion years age of Earth itself.
Margaret Crosby (1902 - 1972) was an American archaeologist and historian. Crosby graduated from Bryn Mawr College in 1922, and subsequently became involved in archaeology and ancient history, especially epigraphy and metrology, earning her PhD at Yale University. During World War II, Crosby joined the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) and worked as a cryptographer for the OSS' Greek Desk, deciphering reports and materials for the Allied Forces.
Vittorio Hösle (German: [ˈhøːslə]; born 25 June 1960) is an Italian-born German philosopher. He has authored works including Hegels System (1987), Moral und Politik (1997, trans. as Morals and Politics, 2004), and Der philosophische Dialog (2006) (The philosophical dialogue).
He has been in the United States since 1999, at the University of Notre Dame where he is the Paul Kimball Professor of Arts and Letters (with concurrent appointments in the Departments of German, Philosophy, and Political Science). Since 2008, he has also served as the founding Director of the Notre Dame Institute for Advanced Study.
Kappa Pegasi (κ Peg, κ Pegasi) is a triple star system in the constellation Pegasus. It has an apparent brightness of +4.13 magnitude and belongs to the spectral class F5IV; a subgiant star. No proper name is associated to this star.This system consists of two components, designated Kappa Pegasi A and B, that are separated by an angular distance of 0.235 arcseconds. The binary nature of this pair was discovered by Sherburne W. Burnham in 1880. They orbit around each other every 11.6 years with a semimajor axis of 0.4 arcseconds. The brighter member of the pair, Kappa Pegasi B, is actually a spectroscopic binary, with the components designated Kappa Pegasi Ba and Kappa Pegasi Bb. They orbit about each other every six days. There is a fourth component, Kappa Pegasi C, which may be an optical companion.
The Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister (German pronunciation: [ɡəˈmɛːldəɡaləˌʁiː ˈʔaltə ˈmaɪstɐ], Old Masters Gallery) in Dresden, Germany, displays around 750 paintings from the 15th to the 18th centuries. It includes major Italian Renaissance works as well as Dutch and Flemish paintings. Outstanding works by German, French, and Spanish painters of the period are also among the gallery's attractions.
The Old Masters are part of the Dresden State Art Collections. The collection is located in the Semper Gallery, the gallery wing of the Zwinger.
Cervià de les Garrigues is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.
Đorđe Kaplanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Каплановић; born 21 March 1995) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Kumanovo of the Macedonian First League.
Choi Se-beom (born 4 March 1972) is a South Korean sprinter. She competed in the women's 4 × 400 metres relay at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Bennouna (Arabic: بنونة) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Khnata Bennouna (born 1940), Moroccan author of novels and short stories
The Holy Roman Empire (Latin: Sacrum Romanum Imperium; German: Heiliges Römisches Reich) was a multi-ethnic complex of territories in Western, Central and Southern Europe that developed during the Early Middle Ages and continued until its dissolution in 1806 during the Napoleonic Wars.Until the end of the 15th century, the empire was in theory composed of three major blocks – Italy, Germany and Burgundy. Later territorially only the Kingdom of Germany and Bohemia remained, with the Burgundian territories lost to France. Although the Italian territories were formally part of the empire, the territories were ignored in the Imperial Reform and splintered into numerous de facto independent territorial entities. The status of Italy in particular varied throughout the 16th to 18th centuries. Some territories like Piedmont-Savoy became increasingly independent, while others became more dependent due to the extinction of their ruling noble houses causing these territories to often fall under the dominions of the Habsburgs and their cadet branches. Barring the loss of Franche-Comté in 1678, the external borders of the Empire did not change noticeably from the Peace of Westphalia – which acknowledged the exclusion of Switzerland and the Northern Netherlands, and the French protectorate over Alsace – to the dissolution of the Empire. At the conclusion of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815, most of the Holy Roman Empire was included in the German Confederation, with the main exceptions being the Italian states.
On 25 December 800, Pope Leo III crowned the Frankish king Charlemagne as Emperor, reviving the title in Western Europe, more than three centuries after the fall of the earlier ancient Western Roman Empire in 476. In theory and diplomacy, the Emperors were considered primus inter pares, regarded as first among equals amongst other Catholic monarchs across Europe. The title continued in the Carolingian family until 888 and from 896 to 899, after which it was contested by the rulers of Italy in a series of civil wars until the death of the last Italian claimant, Berengar I, in 924. The title was revived again in 962 when Otto I, King of Germany, was crowned emperor, fashioning himself as the successor of Charlemagne and beginning a continuous existence of the empire for over eight centuries. Some historians refer to the coronation of Charlemagne as the origin of the empire, while others prefer the coronation of Otto I as its beginning. Scholars generally concur, however, in relating an evolution of the institutions and principles constituting the empire, describing a gradual assumption of the imperial title and role.The exact term "Holy Roman Empire" was not used until the 13th century, before which the empire was referred to variously as universum regnum ("the whole kingdom", as opposed to the regional kingdoms), imperium christianum ("Christian empire"), or Romanum imperium ("Roman empire"), but the Emperor's legitimacy always rested on the concept of translatio imperii, that he held supreme power inherited from the ancient emperors of Rome. The dynastic office of Holy Roman Emperor was traditionally elective through the mostly German prince-electors, the highest-ranking noblemen of the empire; they would elect one of their peers as "King of the Romans" to be crowned emperor by the Pope, although the tradition of coronations by the popes was discontinued in the 16th century.
The empire never achieved the extent of political unification as was formed to the west in the relatively centralised Kingdom of France, evolving instead into a decentralised, limited elective monarchy composed of hundreds of sub-units: kingdoms, principalities, duchies, counties, prince-bishoprics, Free Imperial Cities, and eventually even individuals enjoying imperial immediacy, such as the imperial knights. The power of the emperor was limited, and while the various princes, lords, bishops, and cities of the empire were vassals who owed the emperor their allegiance, they also possessed an extent of privileges that gave them de facto independence within their territories. Emperor Francis II dissolved the empire on 6 August 1806 following the creation of the Confederation of the Rhine by French Emperor Napoleon I the month before.
Cwmbach is a small hamlet in Stradey Woods (Coed y Strade) between Llanelli  and Trimsaran in Carmarthenshire, Wales. The village was home to a (now closed) chapel and a (now closed) public house. It is based around the Afon Cwmmawr and Afon Dulais that join together in the heart of the hamlet, and meet the sea at Ffynnon Helyg at nearby Pwll. Welsh is the dominant language.
Ponerorchis trifurcata is a species of flowering plant in the family Orchidaceae, native to south-central China (north-west Yunnan).
This list of abalone synonyms is a list of scientific names that have been given to abalone species worldwide. Carl Linnaeus described the type species Haliotis asinina in 1758, and over the centuries a large number of additional species of abalone were named using the proper scientific process for naming a species. In addition, some subspecies, forms, and varieties were also named. However, many of these names subsequently proved to be synonyms of species that had already been named. The following is a list of what are, in 2014, considered to be valid species and subspecies, with the synonyms listed beside them.
Jaye Howard Jr. (born December 20, 1988) is a former American football defensive end. He played college football for the University of Florida, where he was a member of a BCS National Championship team. He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the fourth round of the 2012 NFL Draft.
Guillaume Landré (24 February 1905 in The Hague – 6 November 1968 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch composer of operas, 4 symphonies, and chamber music. His father, Willem Landré (1874–1948) was also a composer; Guillaume studied under him. He also studied under Willem Pijper who had some influence on Landré's early works. Later in his career Landré experimented with serial techniques and jazz influences. From 1950 to 1962 he acted as chairman of the Dutch Society of Composers. In addition to composing he also studied and taught law.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art of New York City, colloquially "the Met", is the largest art museum in the Western Hemisphere. Its permanent collection contains over two million works, divided among 17 curatorial departments. The main building at 1000 Fifth Avenue, along the Museum Mile on the eastern edge of Central Park on Manhattan's Upper East Side, is by area one of the world's largest art museums. A much smaller second location, The Cloisters at Fort Tryon Park in Upper Manhattan, contains an extensive collection of art, architecture, and artifacts from medieval Europe.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art was founded in 1870 to bring art and art education to the American people. The museum's permanent collection consists of works of art from classical antiquity and ancient Egypt, paintings, and sculptures from nearly all the European masters, and an extensive collection of American and modern art. The Met maintains extensive holdings of African, Asian, Oceanian, Byzantine, and Islamic art. The museum is home to encyclopedic collections of musical instruments, costumes, and accessories, as well as antique weapons and armor from around the world. Several notable interiors, ranging from 1st-century Rome through modern American design, are installed in its galleries.
The Fifth Avenue building opened on February 20, 1872, at 681 Fifth Avenue. In 2020, it was closed for 202 days due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and attracted only 1,124,759 visitors. This was a drop of 83 percent from 2019, but the Met still ranked ninth on the list of most-visited art museums in the world.
The Trojan Women Set Fire to their Fleet is a mid-17th century painting by French artist Claude Lorrain. Done in oil on canvas, the painting is currently in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
The 1998 America East Men's Basketball Tournament was hosted by the Delaware Blue Hens at Bob Carpenter Center. The final was also held at Bob Carpenter Center. Delaware gained its third overall America East Conference Championships and an automatic berth to the NCAA Tournament with its win over Boston University. Delaware was given the 15th seed in the Midwest Regional of the NCAA Tournament and lost in the first round to Purdue 95–56.
Hype TV (commonly stylized as HYPE! TV) is an entertainment TV channel headquartered in Kingston, Jamaica.The channel broadcasts performances of various upcoming and established musicians, as well as programmes about lifestyle, events, and popular culture in the Caribbean and worldwide.
Walter Douglas (born 1961) is an alleged Scottish drug trafficker and organised crime figure, dubbed the Tartan Pimpernel by the press, who is reportedly one of the richest in the United Kingdom with an estimated worth of £20 million. He was allegedly wanted in at least three countries on drug trafficking and gun running charges as of 2003, and Douglas was reported to have had ties to numerous international criminal organisations in Europe and North America as the head of the Delta crime syndicate. But in fact nothing has ever been proved against Douglas. In October 2013 there were no longer any warrants out against him and he staunchly maintained his innocence to a British journalist
The 1991 Kvalserien was the 17th edition of the Kvalserien. It determined which team of the participating ones would play in the 1991–92 Elitserien season and which three teams would play in the 1991–92 Swedish Division 1 season.
Megandrena enceliae, the encelia megandrena, is a species of mining bee in the family Andrenidae. It is found in North America.
Parry Sound/Derbyshire Island Water Aerodrome, formerly TC LID: CDS6, is an airport 7.5 nautical miles (13.9 km; 8.6 mi) southwest of Parry Sound, Ontario, Canada.
Nemapogon kasyi is a moth of the family Tineidae. It is found in Syria and Turkey.
This is a list of diplomatic missions of Vanuatu. The Pacific island state of Vanuatu only has nine diplomatic missions abroad.
Sharpe's Honour is a 1994 British television drama, the fifth of a series screened on the ITV network that follows the career of Richard Sharpe, a fictional British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. It is based on the 1985 novel of the same name by Bernard Cornwell.
The European Center for Studies and Research in Ethics  is a tertiary establishment for divers forms of research and studies in Ethics. This center is located at the premises of the old faculty of medicine at Strasbourg, France. The CEERE (Centre européen d’enseignement et de recherche en éthique) as it is called in French, collaborates with multiple university and higher education institutions both in France and from other countries in its pursuit of world class innovative research and academics in the domain of Ethics.
Larisa Zavarzina (born 24 December 1955) is a rower who competed for the Soviet Union. She was a 1982 World Champion who also competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow with the women's coxless pair where they came fifth.
Zach Dean is an American screenwriter and film producer, best known for writing the films Deadfall and The Tomorrow War.
The 2009 GDF Suez Grand Prix was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 15th edition of the Budapest Grand Prix, an International-level tournament on the 2009 WTA Tour. It took place in Budapest, Hungary, from 4 July until 12 July 2009. Ágnes Szávay won the singles title.
Batalha is a municipality in the state of Piauí in the Northeast region of Brazil.The municipality contains part of the 1,592,550 hectares (3,935,300 acres) Serra da Ibiapaba Environmental Protection Area, created in 1996.
Laurent Gras (born May 3, 1965, in Antibes, France) is a French-born chef currently living and working in the United States.
Edward Higginson Williams (June 1, 1824 – December 21, 1899) was an American physician and railroad executive known for his philanthropy.
Cape St. Blaize Lighthouse is a lighthouse near Mossel Bay, South Africa.
Ronald S. Wilson (March 30, 1933 – November 16, 1986) was an American clinical psychologist and behavioral geneticist. At the time of his death, he was a Professor of Pediatrics at the University of Louisville and director of the Louisville Twin Study, as well as president of the Behavior Genetics Association. He joined the faculty of the University of Louisville School of Medicine in 1965 and became director of the Louisville Twin Study there in 1967; he held both positions from then until his death. Originally an associate professor at the University of Louisville, he was promoted to the rank of full professor there in 1971. He was a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the American Psychological Association, as well as a member of the Society for the Study of Human Biology and a founding fellow of the International Society for Twin Studies, of which he served as vice president from 1980 to 1983. In 1979, he received the American Association for the Advancement of Science's Socio-Psychological Prize, and in 1980, he received the James Shields Award from the International Society for Twin Studies. He was elected president-elect of the Behavior Genetics Association in 1984. He died of a heart attack while playing tennis on November 16, 1986.
The Osterwald is a ridge (up to 419.2 m above sea level (NN)) in the Calenberg Uplands and together with the  Nesselberg and the Kleiner Deister forms a unified group of three adjacent ranges in the Leine Uplands. It lies between Coppenbrügge, Eldagsen and Elze in the North German state of Lower Saxony.
Liberty Mariposa Phoenix (née Bottom; July 5, 1976) is an American former actress. She is the older sister of Summer Phoenix and younger sister of River Phoenix, Rain Phoenix, and Joaquin Phoenix.
The Rabbinical Conference of Brunswick was a conference held in 1844 in Brunswick, convoked by Levi Herzfeld and Ludwig Philippson. Other attendees included Solomon Formstecher, Samuel Hirsch, Mendel Hess, Samuel Holdheim. Although he did not attend due to impending death, following the conference Áron Chorin, on his death-bed, wrote a declaration of his support of its conclusions. The following summer a synod at Frankfort-on-the-Main heard reports commissioned by the Brunswick session that dealt with various liturgical, practical, and theological topics. At this 1845 synod rabbis attending it declared that women count in a minyan, a formalization of a customary Reform practice dating back to 1811.Responding to the various complaints raised over the centuries against the Kol Nidre, the 1844 rabbinical conference decided unanimously that the formula was not essential, and that the members of the convention should exert their influence toward securing its abolition, before the following Yom Kippur.The conference endorsed the Grand Sanhedrin's conclusions, except that they went further in relation to inter-faith marriage, arguing that the marriage of a Jew with the adherent of any monotheistic religion is permissible in Judaism, as long as the civil law in the place of marriage permits the children of such a union to be raised in the Jewish religion.They also decided that the oath of a Jew would be binding if it invoked the name of God, regardless of any other consideration.Some Jews opposed the decisions of the conference; Israel Moses Hazan wrote a letter condemning the reforms advocated by it. Hirsch Lehren, circulated a letter among several rabbis, which in the autumn following the conference resulted in a protest, signed by seventy-eight Orthodox rabbis of Germany, Bohemia, Moravia, and Hungary, against the results of the conference.
Handbuch der Geschichte der böhmischen Länder (Handbook on the History of Bohemian Lands), is a four-volume book, edited by the German historian Carl Bosl from 1967 to 1974 and covering the history of Bohemia, starting from its ancient history to the middle of the 20th century.
Hindush (or  Hindūš) was a province of the Achaemenid Empire following the Achaemenid conquest of the Indus Valley circa 500 BC. According to Herodotus, it was the "easternmost province" of the empire. It is believed to have continued as a province until the invasion of the empire by Alexander the Great circa 326 BC.
Methane (US: , UK: ) is a chemical compound with the chemical formula CH4 (one carbon atom bonded to four hydrogen atoms). It is a group-14 hydride, the simplest alkane, and the main constituent of natural gas. The relative abundance of methane on Earth makes it an economically attractive fuel, although capturing and storing it poses technical challenges due to its gaseous state under normal conditions for temperature and pressure.
Naturally occurring methane is found both below ground and under the seafloor and is formed by both geological and biological processes. The largest reservoir of methane is under the seafloor in the form of methane clathrates. When methane reaches the surface and the atmosphere, it is known as atmospheric methane. The Earth's atmospheric methane concentration has increased by about 150% since 1750, and it accounts for 20% of the total radiative forcing from all of the long-lived and globally mixed greenhouse gases. It has also been detected on other planets, including Mars, which has implications for astrobiology research.
"Ours" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from the deluxe edition of her third studio album Speak Now (2010). Produced by Swift and Nathan Chapman, it was later released as a promotional single on iTunes and Amazon.com on November 22, 2011. It was released as the sixth and final single off the album and was the fifth single from Speak Now to be sent to country radio on December 5, 2011.
In the United States, the song peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and at number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100, and was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Internationally, the song peaked at number 91 in Australia and at number 68 on the Canadian Hot 100. In the United Kingdom, it peaked at number 181 on the UK Singles Chart.
A music video for the song was released in December 2011 and aired on E! News and E! Online  and is the second video of Swift's to be directed by Declan Whitebloom, as well as the second video for which Swift would do the concept for. The video received positive praise from music critics.
LPR Piacenza was a professional Italian volleyball team based in Piacenza, northern Italy. It plays in Italian Volleyball League.
Piacenza is ranked 17th (as of October 2016) in the Men's European clubs ranking. Although the club reached the Italian 1st division for the first time only in 2002, after have dominated the Italian 2nd division and winning also the Italian Cup, it has already played 9 finals in Italy, including 5 for the Italian Title(winning only in 2009 versus the strong Trento), 2 for the Italian Cup(won in 2013 and lost in 2006) and 2 for the Italian Supercup (beating Macerata 3–2 in 2009 and losing versus the same team in 2014 again after a tie-break). Piacenza played also a Champion's League final, lost 3–2 in Poland versus Russia's Zenit Kazan, 2 Cev Cup finals (again losing twice) and won 2 other European cups: in 2006 the Top Teams Cup, and in 2013 the Challenge Cup, defeating Ural Ufa from Russia with a 3–0 win in both first and second legs of final, achieving also an impressive 12–0 record, without losing a single set. It's among the strongest teams in Italy and also in Europe since 2003.
Bill Zwaan (born November 9, 1954) in an American football coach, former football player, and former baseball coach. He is the head football coach at West Chester University, a position he has held since 2003. Zwaan was the head football coach at Widener University from 1997 to 2002.  He served as the head baseball coach at the United States Merchant Marine Academy from 1983 to 1984 and at Widener from 1993 to 1996.
Dame Albertine Louisa Winner  (4 March 1907 – 13 May 1988) was a British physician and medical administrator. After graduating from University College Hospital Medical School, Winner practised at the Elizabeth Garrett Anderson Hospital, the Mothers' Hospital in Clapton, and Maida Vale Hospital for Nervous Diseases.
During the Second World War, she enlisted in the Royal Army Medical Corps, where she later served as the consultant to the Auxiliary Territorial Service. After the war, Winner served in the Department of Health as its first female deputy chief medical officer. In later life, she worked with Cicely Saunders in forming the first modern hospice at St Christopher's Hospice in Sydenham, London. In 1967, Winner was appointed as Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE). Winner was also elected as president of the Medical Women's Federation in 1971. She died on 13 May 1988 in London.
Tasmanian of the Year Awards is an award given to the most outstanding Tasmanian in any given year. The Awards are made by the Tasmania Committee Incorporated and is organised and funded with government support. It was first awarded in 1985.The following is a list of recipients of the Tasmanian of the Year award:
The Tasmanian of the Year award doesn't appear to have been awarded since 2008, and the Tasmanian Committee Inc., website is no longer active. Later references to the "Tasmanian of the Year" may refer to the Tasmanian Australian of the Year award.
Minuscule 733 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε324 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament written on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. The manuscript has no complex contents. Scrivener labelled it as 751e.
The 23rd Michigan Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Leopold "Butters" Stotch is a fictional character in the adult animated television series South Park. He is voiced by series co-creator Matt Stone and loosely based on co-producer Eric Stough. He is a student at South Park Elementary School. Butters is depicted as more naive, optimistic, and gullible than the show's other child characters and can become increasingly anxious, especially when faced with the likelihood of being grounded, of which he is extremely terrified. As a result, he is often sheltered and unknowledgeable of some of the suggestive content his peers understand, and is also frequently the victim of abuse and manipulation by Eric Cartman. His name is a play on the confection butterscotch.
Butters debuted as an unnamed background character when South Park first premiered on Comedy Central on August 13, 1997; his role gradually increased, becoming one of the series's most frequently present characters beginning with season 3. Creators Parker and Stone have stated that he is one of their favorite characters.
Emmanuelle 4 (also released as Emmanuelle IV) is 1984 French film in English directed by Francis Leroi and Iris Letans. It is the fourth official theatrical feature film in the Emmanuelle franchise. It is also the last film credit for 1962 Academy Award and Golden Globe nominee Michel Magne, as the film-score composer committed suicide in a hotel room ten months after its release.
Shadia Bseiso (Arabic: شادية بسيسو, born June 20, 1986) is a Jordanian TV presenter, jiu-jitsu athlete and professional wrestler. In October 2017, Bseiso became the first Arab female wrestler from the Middle East to sign a contract with WWE, the world's largest wrestling promotion company.
Annibelle was a comic strip created in 1929 by Dorothy Urfer. It was first published as a single panel cartoon on December 29, 1929, on the women's page of Newspaper Enterprise Association, Inc.'s Everyweek section. The humorous strip revolves around Annibelle's social life. In 1935, Annibelle began being printed in color. Virginia Krausmann took over the strip in March 1936. Annibelle comics were reprinted in The Funnies. Annibelle last ran on October 15, 1939.
The Men's 400 metres T54 event at the 2016 Summer Paralympics took place at the Estádio Olímpico João Havelange on 11 and 12 September. It featured 20 athletes.
The T54 category is for wheelchair athletes with no leg function, but near full arm function and reasonable to normal trunk function. Typically this may be caused by a lower spinal cord injury or spinal cord birth defect.
Thomas Willis (born 4 November 1983 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian goalkeeper.
In his position as goalkeeper, Willis started 15 games for Roar in the 2005–06 season, making 51 saves and recording 6 cleansheets. He represented Australia at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship.
"Go for Yours" is a song recorded by Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam that appeared on the 1988 soundtrack to the film, Caddyshack II. As a single, it reached number 19 on the Billboard R&B singles chart in 1988. In 1990, this song was later covered by Deedee Magno Hall on an episode of The Mickey Mouse Club.
In enzymology, a (4S)-limonene synthase (EC 4.2.3.16) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
   (−)-(4S)-limonene + diphosphateHence, this enzyme has one substrate, geranyl diphosphate, and two products, (−)-(4S)-limonene and diphosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically those carbon-oxygen lyases acting on phosphates.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is geranyl-diphosphate diphosphate-lyase [cyclizing, (−)-(4S)-limonene-forming]. Other names in common use include (−)-(4S)-limonene synthase, 4S-(−)-limonene synthase, geranyldiphosphate diphosphate lyase (limonene forming), geranyldiphosphate diphosphate lyase [cyclizing,, and (4S)-limonene-forming].  This enzyme participates in monoterpenoid biosynthesis.
Embassy of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Belgium is the diplomatic mission of the Ukraine to the Kingdom of Belgium; it is based in Brussels, Belgium.
Tumhare Siwa (Without You) is a 2015 Pakistani romantic drama serial. It is based on the novel of Wasi Shah airing on Hum TV. The series is directed by Sakina Samo and produced by Moomal Entertainment. It stars is or Ahsan khan, Aisha Khan, Noor Hassan, Mansha Pasha, Salina Sipra, Lubna Aslam etc. in leading roles. The drama airs every Friday at 8pm. It is about 2 couples whose deep love turns to deep hatred.
Mysore–Thoothukudi  Express is a daily train service between the cities of Mysore and Thoothukudi operated by the South Western Railway.
Piyush Sadhu (20 May 1977 – 23 February 2014) was an Indian cricketer. He played two first-class matches for Vidarbha in 1997/98. He died of multiple organ failure following severe jaundice.
Crete Naval Base (Greek: Ναύσταθμος Κρήτης, Nafstathmos Kritis) is a major naval base of the Hellenic Navy and NATO at Souda Bay in Crete, Greece.
Formally known in NATO as Naval Support Activity, Souda Bay (NSA-Souda Bay), and more commonly in Greece as the Souda Naval Base (Greek: Ναυτική Βάση Σούδας, Naftiki Vasi Soudas), it serves as the second largest (in numbers of warships harboured) naval base of the Hellenic Navy and the largest and most prominent naval base for NATO in the eastern Mediterranean Sea. Additionally, it features the only deep water port in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean Sea that is suitable and capable of maintaining the largest aircraft carriers (class "supercarriers"). The only other such options available for the US Navy are Norfolk Naval Station and the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard in the United States and Dubai in the Persian Gulf.
The 1981 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned motor racing title for drivers of Group C Touring Cars. The championship, which was the 22nd running of the Australian Touring Car Championship, began at Symmons Plains Raceway and ended at Lakeside International Raceway after 8 rounds.Dick Johnson, using the Falcon built with the money he received after TV viewers had pledged AUD$72,000 following his crash with 'The Rock' at Bathurst the previous year (Ford Australia boss of the day Edsel Ford II had personally matched the amount dollar for dollar), won his first ATCC ahead of defending champion Peter Brock in his Holden Dealer Team Commodore. Johnson and Brock were the only drivers to win during the championship which came down to the final round on Dick's home track at Lakeside. Johnson won the race from Brock, the two battling all the way to the Chequered flag in what many believe to be one of the best ATCC races in history. Johnson later praised Brock, claiming that he had every opportunity to punt him off the road at Lakeside, while Brock also praised Johnson who held his nerve and won a clean race.
François Polgár (born 19 October 1946) is a contemporary French choral conductor, organist, composer and musicologist.
In mathematical analysis, the Cauchy index is an integer associated to a real rational function over an interval.  By the Routh–Hurwitz theorem, we have the following interpretation: the Cauchy index of
r(x) = p(x)/q(x)over the real line is the difference between the number of roots of f(z) located in the right half-plane and those located in the left half-plane.  The complex polynomial f(z) is such that
f(iy) = q(y) + ip(y).We must also assume that p has degree less than the degree of q.
The women's 100 metres hurdles event at the 2005 European Athletics U23 Championships was held in Erfurt, Germany, at Steigerwaldstadion on 15 and 17 July.
Taranto-Grottaglie "Marcello Arlotta" Airport (Italian: Aeroporto di Taranto-Grottaglie "Marcello Arlotta") (IATA: TAR, ICAO: LIBG) is an airport serving Taranto and Grottaglie, both comunes in the province of Taranto in Italy. The airport is located 1.5 km (0.8 NM) from the city of Monteiasi, 4 km (2.2 NM) from Grottaglie and 16 km (8.6 NM) from Taranto. It is named for Marcello Arlotta (1886-1918), an Italian aviator.
Daniel E. Doyle, Jr. is the founder and Executive Director of the now-defunct Institute for International Sport. In 2016, Doyle was convicted of embezzling funds from the institute, and he is currently serving a seven-year prison sentence.
A DNA database or DNA databank is a database of DNA profiles which can be used in the analysis of genetic diseases, genetic fingerprinting for criminology, or genetic genealogy.  DNA databases may be public or private, the largest ones being national DNA databases.
DNA databases are often employed in forensic investigations. When a match is made from a national DNA database to link a crime scene to a person whose DNA profile is stored on a database, that link is often referred to as a cold hit. A cold hit is of particular value in linking a specific person to a crime scene, but is of less evidential value than a DNA match made without the use of a DNA database. Research shows that DNA databases of criminal offenders reduce crime rates.
Kantubek (Russian: Кантубек; Karakalpak: Qantubek) is a ghost town on Vozrozhdeniya Island in the Aral Sea. The town is still found on maps but was abandoned in 1992 following the dissolution of the Soviet Union. It is currently uninhabited and lying in ruins. Kantubek used to have a population of approximately 1,500 and housed scientists and employees of the Soviet Union's top-secret Aralsk-7 biological weapons research and test site.Brian Hayes, a biochemical engineer with the United States Defense Threat Reduction Agency, led an expedition in the spring and summer of 2002 to neutralize what was believed to be the world's largest anthrax dumping grounds. His team of 113 people neutralized between 100 and 200 tonnes of anthrax over a three-month period. The cost of the cleanup operation was approximately US$5 million.
On August 6, 1904, there were murders in Kokošinje of Serbs carried out by the IMRO Bulgarian bands of Atanas Babata. Parts of the IMRO, which supported the Bulgarian Exarchate, executed notable Serbs, who supported the Patriarchate of Constantinople.
Sussex 2 is an English level 10 Rugby Union League. It is run by the Sussex Rugby Football Union and contains teams predominantly from West Sussex. The twelve teams play home and away matches from September through to April.  Promoted teams move up to Sussex 1 and demoted teams fall to Sussex 3.  Up until 2003-04 the league was known as Sussex 2 which was abolished at the end of that season. Sussex Canterbury Jack Intermediate emerged in 2010-11 as the second-tier competition for Sussex with a large number of 2nd, 3rd and 4th teams taking part.  The division name changed to Sussex Canterbury Jack Division 2 for the 2016–17 season.  A further name change resulted in Sussex Canterbury Jack 2 becoming Sussex 2 Armada Ale for the 2017–18 season.
Luis Onmura  (born June 29, 1960) is a retired judoka from Brazil. He represented Brazil at the 1980, 1984 and the 1988 Summer Olympics. Onmura won the bronze medal in the men's lightweight division (– 71 kg), alongside Great Britain's Kerrith Brown at the 1984 Games.
Madhuri Banerjee (born 9 August 1975) is an Indian author, columnist and screenwriter. Her debut novel Losing My Virginity And Other Dumb Ideas sold over 40,000 copies. She is also the writer of the successful Bollywood film, Hate Story 2. She has also worked with actress Karishma Kapoor on a non-fiction book called The Yummy Mummy Guide.She was a columnist with Asian Age for two years and has a sex and relationship column in the Maxim magazine. She has also won a National Award for her documentary on women’s issues called Between Dualities. She has been the face of Revlon as their Relationship Expert for their campaign Choices.
She has been called by Cosmo magazine as the Carrie Bradshaw of India and been featured in the India Today Woman magazine twice in her six years as an author. She has a documentary made on her by Dove as a Yahoo Fearless and Fab Woman which is available on the Yahoo website. Shobhaa De calls her a Raja Ravi Verma painting and about her debut novel "Madhuri’s spunky, vivid take on negotiating sexual space in today’s insane social environment has won her several fans across the gender divide!"
The Chisca were a tribe of Native Americans living in present-day eastern Tennessee and southwestern Virginia in the 16th century. Spanish Sgt Moyano attacking from the fort near present day Morganton, North Carolina, reported that he and his men numbering around 17, along with around 70 Indians from that area of North Carolina, killed over a thousand Chisca men, women, and children near what is today Saltville, Virginia. After some merged with the larger Shawnee, remnants of the Chisca town near Saltville, might have also merged with towns along what is now the I-81 corridor and towns along New River at what are now Austinvlle and Foster's Falls as they were inhabited at the time of the massacre.1947 State Archaeological Reports;The Martin Site,The Cornet Site.
Al-Wasṭīyah is one of the districts  of Irbid governorate, Jordan.
Ti'ho is Mayan settlement located in the northwest of the Yucatán Peninsula, commonly indicated also with the alternative name of T'hó (in short), Ichcansiho, Ichkanzihóo or Ichcaanzihó.Mérida, the capital of the Yucatan state in Mexico and its largest city, was built on the ruins of this Mayan settlement and founded in 1542 by Francisco de Montejo.
Żaczek and Zaczek are  Polish surnames. "Żaczek" is a diminutive from "żak", an archaic term for "student"
Touge (峠, tōge) is a Japanese word literally meaning "pass". It refers to a mountain pass or any of the narrow, winding roads that can be found in and around the mountains of Japan and other geographically similar areas.
In order to decrease the incline of mountain roads, thereby making them easier for commercial trucks to pass, engineers place a series of S bends in steep roads that provide access to and from high mountain elevations. These passes have become popular with street racers and motorsport enthusiasts, because they provide a challenging – albeit dangerous – course.
Colt Canada (formerly called Diemaco) is the Canadian division of American firearms manufacturer Colt located in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.
The facility produces small arms for the Canadian Armed Forces, Canadian law enforcement agencies In addition, the company exports firearms internationally. Known foreign customers include Norway, Denmark and The Netherlands.
The company's main products are the C7 rifle and derivatives which are manufactured under license from Colt Defense USA, and the EAGLE side-loading 40mm LV grenade launcher which is a license-built copy of the U.S. M203.   Colt Canada describes itself as the Canadian government's "Centre of Excellence for small arms" and the Canadian Forces' sole supplier of the C7 family of rifles despite its U.S. ownership and non-affiliation with the "Canadian government".
The Marilyn Brown Novel Award was an occasional award given to the best unpublished novel focusing on realistic cultural experiences of the Utah region submitted for consideration. The award includes a $1,000 honorarium.The award was founded by Marilyn Brown and her husband to encourage quality fiction focused on regional Mormon experience. Beginning in 2000, the award was presented every other year by the Association for Mormon Letters. Beginning with the 2009 award, the Utah Valley University's English Department accepted stewardship over the award. Jen Wahlquist was the professor in charge, and she broadened the award's scope to all fiction about the Utah region with the intent to make it an annual award. The award has a $30,000 endowment.Upon Walquist's retirement and given a low number of novel submissions, the endowment was repurposed into a scholarship fund for UVU students, and renamed the Marilyn & Bill Brown Endowed Writing Scholarship. The scholarship is managed by the UVU library.
Raúl Iram Castillo González (born 30 May 2001) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga MX club Puebla on loan from Pachuca.He made his professional debut with Pachuca on 8 April 2019, coming on as a substitute during a 0–0 Liga MX draw against Santos Laguna.
Selma Poutsma (born 14 May 1999) is Dutch short track speed skater who previously competed for France.
Andy Davidson is a fictional character in the BBC television programme Torchwood, portrayed by Tom Price. Andy, an officer with the South Wales Police, is a supporting character who first appears in Torchwood's premiere episode "Everything Changes" and recurs regularly from thereon. Though initially only credited as 'PC Andy', the character's surname 'Davidson' was given in novels and online media and eventually confirmed by dialogue in Children of Earth, "Day Three" (2009). Like Gwen's partner, Rhys (Kai Owen), Andy is used by the production team as an everyman character who grounds the series in a recognisable real-world setting. The character had originally been slated to be killed off in the first series, though the production team had a change of heart, believing him to work well as a supporting character. Both cast and crew, as well as professional reviewers have spoken of the character's role in providing comic relief and an outsider's perspective on the Torchwood Institute.
Within the series' narrative, Andy is introduced as a constable for the South Wales Police in Cardiff, as the beat partner of leading female character Gwen. Whilst Andy's role in the first series is peripheral, he has a larger role in the second series where he assists Gwen more directly in her ongoing cases. Whilst jealous of Gwen's exciting life with Torchwood, he remains loyal to her, choosing her side rather than follow government procedure in Children of Earth. By the time of the fourth series, Miracle Day (2011), set two years after the previous serial, Andy has been promoted to the rank of sergeant and acts as a UK-based ally to the now-transatlantic Torchwood team. External commentary on the series has referred to him as a "fan favourite".
Franciscan monastery of Saint Luke is a Franciscan monastery in Jajce, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The construction began in 1877 and it finished in 1885. In 1934-1935 the monastery was renovated by Karel Pařík. Franciscans in the 1970s tried to return the bones of St. Luke in Jajce, and since then the monastery carries the name of this evangelist.
John James Leonard (8 June 1903 – 3 May 1995) was a player and coach of Australian rules football in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and the Victorian Football League (later renamed to Australian Football League) in the period 1922 to 1946.
The Tamiya Blackfoot was a 1/10-scale, electric radio controlled model monster truck produced by the Tamiya Corporation of Japan.  It was released October 8, 1986 and produced through 1993.
Esmailabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان اسماعيل آباد) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khash County, in Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16,940, in 3,441 families.  The rural district has 47 villages.
The American President is a 1995 American romantic comedy-drama film directed and produced by Rob Reiner and written by Aaron Sorkin. The film stars Michael Douglas, Annette Bening, Martin Sheen, Michael J. Fox, and Richard Dreyfuss. In the film, President Andrew Shepherd (Douglas) is a widower who pursues a relationship with environmental lobbyist Sydney Ellen Wade (Bening) – who has just moved to Washington, D.C. – while at the same time attempting to win the passage of a crime control bill during a re-election year.
The film grossed $107.9 million on a budget of $62 million and was praised by critics for its performances (especially from Douglas and Bening), musical score, story and screenplay. Composer Marc Shaiman was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Musical or Comedy Score for The American President. The film was nominated for Golden Globes for Best Director, Best Screenplay, Best Actor in a Comedy/Musical for Michael Douglas, Best Actress in a Comedy/Musical for Annette Bening, and Best Comedy/Musical. The American Film Institute ranked The American President No. 75 on its list of America's Greatest Love Stories.
The Manor of Priklonskaya — Levashov — Kildyushevsky (Russian: Усадьба Приклонской — Левашова — Кильдюшевского) is a building in the center of Moscow (Arkhangelsk pereulok, house 10, building 2). Represents the rebuilt chambers of the 17th century. The building has the status of an object of cultural heritage of federal significance.
George Vivian (1798–1873) was an English traveller and topographical artist. He is known for Spanish landscapes and views from Italian gardens.
Luis Esteban Oyarzún Rebolledo (born 24 April 1982) is a Chilean retired footballer who played as a defender for several teams in the Primera División de Chile. He both started and finished his professional career with Palestino.
Hamza Mathlouthi (Arabic: حمزة المثلوثي; born 25 July 1992) is a Tunisian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Zamalek SC and the Tunisia national team.
Archibald Murray Baxter  (4 August 1921 – 1 August 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1940s.Baxter had an intermittent career at South Melbourne, which began in the 1941 VFL season when he was their third most prolific forward with 16 goals. He didn't appear again until 1944 and missed the entire 1945 season before returning to action the following year. Baxter then captained Oakleigh to two VFA premierships, in 1950 and 1952.
Archie's mother was of Irish descendency and his father was born in Scotland. He had one brother and two sisters.
During World War II, Archie was posted with the 2/4 Independent Company Commando Unit in the Australian Army. He served during the ages of 17–21 years old in the Pacific and the Middle East. Following a shrapnel wound to the shoulder he was discharged from the army in 1942.Archie Baxter was also employed as Chief Aircraft Production Engineer for 40 years with the Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation (CAC).
National Highway 310, commonly referred to as NH 310 is a national highway in  India. It is a spur road of National Highway 10. NH-310 traverses the state of Sikkim in India.
The Aston Triangle is an area of Birmingham City Centre, England. The area is mostly dominated by higher education facilities. Aston University is based within the Aston Triangle area and the logo of the establishment takes from the shape of the area. Birmingham City University also uses facilities on the Aston University campus. These are in Gosta Green together with Birmingham Institute of Art and Design and Aston Science Park. The site has large numbers of teaching buildings and student halls of residence, which are used by Aston University. Dalton, Lawrence, and Stafford Towers, three large towers containing student dwellings, were demolished in the early 2010s, and new student accommodation named the William Murdoch, the James Watt, the Harriet Martineau and the Mary Sturge Residences constructed.The triangular headquarters of West Midlands Fire Service was located at Lancaster Circus. The building has been purchased by the Watkin Jones Group who have plans to construct a high rise building in the courtyard of the building. West Midlands Five Service are currently constructing new headquarters in Duddeston. The area is also a centre of healthcare in Birmingham. An old Victorian building, which used to be the General Hospital, is now the Birmingham Children's Hospital. Adjacent to this is the Birmingham Dental Hospital of postwar architecture.
Walter Church (1829 – 28 February 1901) was an English-born Australian politician.
He was born in London to mariner John Foster Church and Barbara Ann George. He migrated to New South Wales around 1839 and became a custom house agent. On 1 September 1849 he married Annie Esther Stubbs, with whom he had eleven children. A second marriage on 22 April 1899 to Miriam Kate Cohen produced no children. From 1868 he worked as a grocer. In 1869 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for Goldfields West, serving until his defeat in 1872. Church died in Sydney in 1901.
Shur Gol (Persian: شورگل, also Romanized as Shūr Gol) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 650, in 126 families.
IBM Watson Health is a digital tool that helps clients facilitate medical research, clinical research, and healthcare solutions, through the use of artificial intelligence, data, analytics, cloud computing, and other advanced information technology. It is a division of the International Business Machines Corporation, (IBM), an American multinational information technology company headquartered in Armonk, New York.
On January 21, 2022, IBM announced the sale of part of the Watson Health assets to Francisco Partners for a reported $1 billion dollars.
Avihang (Persian: اويهنگ, also Romanized as Āvīhang and Avīhang; also known as Āb-i-Hang) is a village in Zhavarud-e Gharbi Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,886, in 497 families. The village is populated by Kurds.
Simona Castricum (born 1975) is an Australian musician, DJ, broadcaster and architecture academic.
Oxygenie of Happiness (Chinese: 幸福氧氣; pinyin: Xing Fu Yang Qi) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Genie Chuo's (Chinese: 卓文萱) third Mandarin studio album. It was released by Rock Records on 26 October 2007. It was available for preorder which includes a photo notebook. A further edition was released on 14 December 2007, Oxygenie of Happiness (Sweet Taste Edition) (幸福氧氣 香甜限定盤), with a bonus DVD.
The album features one of the insert songs, "瘋了瘋了" (Going Mad), of Taiwanese drama Rolling Love, starring Chuo, Jiro Wang, Danson Tang and Xiao Xun, which is composed by Taiwanese singer-songwriter Kenji Wu.
Hi-5 were an Australian children's musical group formed in 1998 in association with the children's television series of the same name. Helena Harris and Posie Graeme-Evans created the television series for the Nine Network, which premiered in 1999. The group were made up of five performers who entertained and educated preschool children through music, movement and play. Kellie Crawford, Kathleen de Leon Jones, Nathan Foley, Tim Harding and Charli Robinson were the founding members. By the end of 2008, all of the original line-up had left, and the group's membership changed several more times after that. They collectively starred in several television series, released albums, and performed on worldwide tours. The television series features puppet characters Chatterbox and Jup Jup, who were included in the group's live stage shows.
Hi-5 were one of Australia's highest paid entertainment groups, placing in the Business Review Weekly's annual list several times, earning an estimated A$18 million in 2007. As employees of the brand, once owned by the Nine Network, the members of Hi-5 did not hold equity. The Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) certified their albums as double platinum (It's a Party), platinum (Jump and Jive with Hi-5, Boom Boom Beat, It's a Hi-5 Christmas) and gold (Celebrate). Four of them reached the top 10 on the ARIA Albums Chart; It's a Party (number four, July 2000), Boom Boom Beat (number three, August 2001), It's a Hi-5 Christmas (number four, December 2001) and Hi-5 Hits (number ten, July 2003). By 2004, the original line-up had received three Logie Television Awards for Most Outstanding Children's Program and five consecutive ARIA Music Awards for Best Children's Album.
The group's later iterations did not enjoy the same popularity or critical success as its original line-up. Hi-5 were last nominated for a major Australian award in 2012 and last released an album in 2014. The Nine Network sold the brand in 2012 to Malaysian-based group Asiasons, who shifted its commercial focus to the Southeast Asian market. After a short-lived television revival in 2017, the group's production company wholly relocated to Singapore and began employing a roster of temporary performers for touring purposes until 2019.
The Bandit of Zhobe is a 1959 British CinemaScope adventure film directed by John Gilling and starring Victor Mature, Anne Aubrey and Anthony Newley. In British India a bandit goes on a rampage in the mistaken belief that the British have killed his family, which later proves to not be the case. It was produced by Albert Broccoli for Warwick Films and features extensive use of footage from Gilling's previous Zarak.
Sir Walter Besant (14 August 1836 – 9 June 1901) was an English novelist and historian. William Henry Besant was his brother, and another brother, Frank, was the husband of Annie Besant.
USS Mingoe (1863) was a large double-ended, side wheel, ironclad steamer gunboat purchased by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. With her heavy guns  and a very fast speed of 11 kn (13 mph; 20 km/h) she was planned by the Union Navy for use as a bombardment gunboat, but also as an interceptor gunboat stationed off Confederate waterways to prevent their trading with foreign countries.
Viscount Mayo is a title that has been created twice in the Peerage of Ireland, both times for members of the Bourke family. The first creation came in 1627 in favour of Tiobóid na Long Bourke, also known as Theobald Bourke. He was the son of Sir Richard Bourke, 18th lord of Mac William Iochtar (Lower Mac William), and Gráinne O'Malley. Miles, the 2nd Viscount, was created a baronet in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia in c. 1638. 
His son Theobald, the third Viscount, was also created a Baronet in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia in c. 1638 (although there are no records of this creation in the Great Seal). The third Viscount was executed in 1652 after being found guilty of murder by Cromwell's High Court of Justice in Connaught. The murders in 1642 became known as the "Shrule massacre", but it seems that Lord Mayo had done his best to prevent them.The third Viscount's daughter Maud married Col. John Browne, ancestor of the Marquesses of Sligo.On the eighth Viscount's death in 1767, the title became dormant or extinct. Historian Anne Chambers considers that a legal right continued, but that the next claimant could not afford the legal costs involved in presenting a petition to the Irish House of Lords.The title was recreated for a very distant cousin, John Bourke, 1st Baron Naas, in 1781. He was subsequently created Earl of Mayo in 1785. See this title for more information.
Yevheniy Pichkur (Ukrainian: Євген Анатолійович Пічкур; born 18 April 1985, in the Ukraine SSR of the Soviet Union)
Salassia bicarinata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
The men's curling tournament of the 2018 Winter Olympics was held between 14 and 24 February 2018 at the Gangneung Curling Centre. Ten nations competed in a round robin preliminary round, and the top four nations at the conclusion of the round robin qualified for the medal round.Great Britain, Switzerland, and the United States each finished round robin play with a 5–4 record, resulting in a three-way tie for third place in the preliminary round standings.  Under Olympic tiebreaker rules then in effect, the United States was awarded the third seed in the medal round (by virtue of having defeated both Great Britain and Switzerland during the preliminary round), and Great Britain and Switzerland played a one-game tiebreaker. Switzerland prevailed 9-5 and was awarded the fourth seed.
In the gold medal match, with the score tied at 5 in the eighth end, US skip John Shuster fired a dramatic double take-out for five that left his team leading 10-5 with two ends to go, effectively sealing the win and the gold medal for the United States, which won its first gold medal in curling.
The TeachText application is a simple text editor made by Apple Computer and included with System 7.1 and earlier. It was created by Apple programmer Bryan Stearns with later versions created by Stearns and Francis Stanbach. TeachText was one of the only applications included with System 7, leading to its frequent role as the application to open "ReadMe" files. It was named "TeachText" as a nod to this role in tutorials and other introductory materials.TeachText was derived from the Edit application, which was a simple text editor for the early pre-System 6 Apple Macintosh computers. Edit was included with early versions of the basic system software to demonstrate the use of the Macintosh user interface, and as the primary code editing tool for the original 68000 Macintosh Development System. While Edit was a tool and demonstration program for developers, TeachText was used mainly by users to display ReadMe documents.
Since the first Macintosh models came with a full-featured word processor, MacWrite, software publishers commonly shipped documentation in its native format. When Apple stopped bundling MacWrite, ownership was transferred to Claris, so developers could not distribute it on their programs' installation floppy disks. With no text program present on the disks, owners without a second floppy disk drive or hard disk could be left with no way to view documentation or installation instructions. Apple supplied TeachText as a small, freely-distributable program to address this need.
TeachText could only operate on a single document at a time and supported only the default text font (12-point Geneva at the time) in the MacRoman encoding, with formatting such as bold, italic and underline. It also included rudimentary support for embedded images; the images were stored in PICT format in the file's resource fork in ascending numbers from zero, instances of non-breaking spaces in the text loaded up the appropriately numbered image, the first instance loading image "0", the second space loading image "1", and so on.
TeachText was automatically associated with all TEXT type codes for files with an unknown Creator code. That is, if a user attempted to open any text file and the original program that created it was not known on the local computer, TeachText would be asked to open the file in its place. In this respect, TeachText was the "default editor" of the Mac system, playing a role similar to Notepad under Microsoft Windows.
The underlying text engine was the TextEdit Manager built into Mac OS. TextEdit had originally been written to support very small runs of editable text, like those found in Save as... dialogs and similar roles. As such, it had been written with a short integer as a length counter, and could thus only handle up to 32 kB of text in a file. This conflicted with the "default editor" role when it was asked to open files longer than 32k, resulting in an error.TeachText was later replaced by SimpleText, and with the arrival of Mac OS X, both were replaced by the TextEdit application inherited from OPENSTEP.
The 1980 United States presidential election in Iowa took place on November 4, 1980. All 50 states and The District of Columbia were part of the 1980 United States presidential election. Voters chose eight electors to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
Iowa was won by former California Governor Ronald Reagan (R) by a comfortable margin of about 13 points. As of the 2020 presidential election, this is the last Presidential election in which a Republican has won Iowa by more than 10 points, as well as the last time a Republican won Polk County, home to Iowa's capital and most populated city, Des Moines. It was also the last time until Donald Trump in 2016 that a Republican presidential candidate won the following counties: Boone, Cerro Gordo, Lee, Webster and Worth.
Alejandro Restrepo Mazo (born 30 January 1982) is a Colombian football manager, currently in charge of Atlético Nacional.
Current Vietnamese historians considers that Vietnam has had a total of three declarations of independence:
The poem Nam quốc sơn hà (Mountains and rivers of Southern country) was written in 1077 by Lý Thường Kiệt and recited next to the defense line of the Như Nguyệt river (Cầu river), originally with the reason to incentive the spirit of the soldiers.
Bình Ngô đại cáo (Great Proclamation upon the Pacification of the Wu) was written by Nguyễn Trãi to speak in the name of Bình Định vương Lê Lợi in the Đinh Mùi year (1427), announcing the pacification of the Ming army, regaining the national independence, establishing the Later Lê Dynasty.
The Proclamation of Independence (Tuyên ngôn độc lập) was written by Hồ Chí Minh and announced at Ba Đình Square, Hanoi, on September 2, 1945, declared independence from Japan and France, founding the Democratic Republic of Vietnam (North Vietnam).
Alexander Nikishin is a Russian ice hockey defenseman who plays for MHK Spartak of the MHL.  He made his KHL debut for HC Spartak Moskva during the 2019–20 season.  He was drafted by the Carolina Hurricanes in the 3rd round of the 2020 NHL Entry Draft with the 69th overall pick.
Chris Lavers (born 1965) is an author, natural historian, and Associate Professor of Ecology and Biogeography at the University of Nottingham.
His most popular book to date is The Natural History of Unicorns. In a review of this book, The Washington Post has written "Don't confuse this book with cryptozoology [...] Lavers is a scientist and a scholar. He isn't trying to prove the existence of an elusive beast. He understands that myths, like hardy plants, grow from their native environment, then get carried abroad and cross-fertilize with indigenous stories elsewhere, producing hybrids whose lineage requires careful untangling."
The Dact-el-Mayun, also known as the Western strait, the large strait, the large pass or the wide pass, is the western section of the Bab-el-Mandeb straits, which separates Ras Menheli, Yemen, on the Arabian Peninsula from Ras Siyyan, Djibouti, on the Horn of Africa. The strait has a width of about 16 miles (26 km) and a depth of 170 fathoms (310 m). The Yemeni island of Perim divides the strait into two channels, Bab Iskender and Dact-el-Mayun respectively.Near the African coast lies a group of smaller islands known as the Seven Brothers.
Felix De Smedt (16 August 1923, Schelle, Belgium – 2 August 2012, Mechelen, Belgium) was an exponent of judo who is credited with introducing the sport to Belgium. In January 1941, he studied judo formally in Berlin, and was the first Belgian to have done so. On 20 May 1946, he founded the first Belgian judo club in Schelle near Boom in the province of Antwerp, the Judo and Jujutsu Academy Bushido-Kwai. On March 14 1951, the club was relocated to Mechelen. On 28 November 1996, it became the first Belgian judo club to be awarded the predicate Royal: the club is called the Royal Judo and Karate Academy Bushido-Kwai Mechelen. In October 1950, De Smedt co-founded the Bel. A. J. A. The Bel A. J. A. and the Association Fédérale Belge de Judo et Ju Jitsu (AFBJJ) (created 6 June 1949) were the predecessors to the Belgian Judo Federation. As an instructor, De Smedt was known for his emphasis on highly technical and clean judo, eschewing the use of blunt force.
Hoyle Puzzle Games 2005 is a 2005 puzzle video game published by Sierra Entertainment. Hoyle Puzzle Games 2005 was released in the us on January 1, 2005.
Sturisoma brevirostre is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Içá River basin.  This species grows to a length of 20.7 centimetres (8.1 in) SL.
Dienison Gomes do Carmo (born October 12, 1991 in Macapá), known by his nickname Cavalo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Botafogo–DF as right back. He already played for national competitions such as Copa do Brasil and Campeonato Brasileiro Série D for Santos–AP.
He have already played in several amapá teams, such as Independente–AP, Trem, Santana and Santos–AP, being winner of Campeonato Amapaense 2011, 2015 and 2016 editions
Fantex Holdings, Inc. was a U.S.-based financial services and brand development company headquartered in San Francisco, California which provides an investment service allowing investors to trade securities tied to the cash flows of professional athletes and their brand contracts with Fantex. Since their first initial public offering of shares linked to future earnings of San Francisco 49ers Pro Bowl tight end Vernon Davis in October 2013, Fantex has continued to initiate brand contracts and list more athletes on their exchange.  The Fantex asset class has been compared to investments similar to the celebrity bonds offered by professional entertainers, including the 1997 offering by David Bowie.Fantex is a holding company with two primary businesses:
Fantex, Inc. – a securities issuer that files registration statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Fantex Brokerage Services, LLC – an online brokerage firm and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) member.
The Vodny Island (Watery in English; Russian: Водный) is the uninhabited island situated in the northern part of the Manych-Gudilo Lake, Orlovsky District, Rostov Oblast, Russia.
Jubek State was a state in South Sudan that existed between 2 October 2015 and 22 February 2020. It contained the national capital, Juba, which is also the largest city in South Sudan. The state bordered include Yei River State to the southwest, Amadi State to the west, Terekeka State to the north, and Imatong State to the east.
"Bloodshed" is a Soulfly song, played as the first track of the Soulfly's Savages album. "Bloodshed" is the first Soulfly single released by the band's new label, Nuclear Blast (previously Roadrunner). This song premiered on the BBC Radio 1 Rock Show on August 6, 2013, two days before single was officially released.
Max Cavalera and his son Igor Cavalera Jr. wrote and sing this song together. Igor's punk vocals satisfied Max by explaining to Metal Exiles, "I needed a punk vocalist for the chorus and I was missing a punk vocalist to go with my vocals for the chorus. I knew Igor had a great punk voice so I called him because I knew it would be cool to sing with my son on the song."
1Malaysia (pronounced One Malaysia in English and Satu Malaysia in Malay) is a programme designed by Malaysian 6th Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak in summer 2009 with the stated goal of promoting ethnic harmony, national unity, and efficient governance.
This is an incomplete index of the current and historical principal family seats of clans, peers and landed gentry families in Ireland. Most of the houses belonged to the Old English and Anglo-Irish aristocracy, and many of those located in the present Republic of Ireland were abandoned, sold or destroyed following the Irish War of Independence and Irish Civil War of the early 1920s.
The Cathedral of St. Anastasia (Croatian: Katedrala sv. Stošije) is the Roman Catholic cathedral of Zadar, Croatia, seat of the Archdiocese of Zadar, and the largest church in all of Dalmatia (the coastal region of Croatia).
The church's origins date back to a Christian basilica built in the 4th and 5th centuries, while much of the currently standing three-nave building was constructed in the Romanesque style during the 12th and 13th centuries. The site has been submitted to UNESCO's Tentative List of World Heritage Sites.
Fiona Leggate (born 28 May 1980) is a British auto racing driver.
Auburn is a city in Cayuga County, New York, United States, located at the north end of Owasco Lake, one of the Finger Lakes, in Central New York. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 26,866. As the largest city of Cayuga County, it is the county seat, and the site of the maximum-security Auburn Correctional Facility, as well as the William H. Seward House Museum and the house of abolitionist Harriet Tubman.
Kani Konté (born 13 April 1989) is a French-born Malian footballer who plays as a defender for VGA Saint-Maur and the Mali women's national team.
Ayman Ben Hassine (born 8 November 1980) is a Tunisian cyclist.
Sandra L. Tilley (May 6, 1945 or 1946 (sources differ) – September 9, 1981) was an American R&B and soul singer, best known for being a member of Motown girl group the Velvelettes; and later joining Martha and the Vandellas.
A ritual is a sequence of activities involving gestures, words, actions, or objects, performed according to a set sequence. Rituals may be prescribed by the traditions of a community, including a religious community. Rituals are characterized, but not defined, by formalism, traditionalism, invariance, rule-governance, sacral symbolism, and performance.Rituals are a feature of all known human societies. They include not only the worship rites and sacraments of organized religions and cults, but also rites of passage, atonement and purification rites, oaths of allegiance, dedication ceremonies, coronations and presidential inaugurations, marriages, funerals and more. Even common actions like hand-shaking and saying "hello" may be termed as rituals.
The field of ritual studies has seen a number of conflicting definitions of the term. One given by Kyriakidis is that a ritual is an outsider's or "etic" category for a set activity (or set of actions) that, to the outsider, seems irrational, non-contiguous, or illogical. The term can be used also by the insider or "emic" performer as an acknowledgement that this activity can be seen as such by the uninitiated onlooker.
In psychology, the term ritual is sometimes used in a technical sense for a repetitive behavior systematically used by a person to neutralize or prevent anxiety; it can be a symptom of obsessive–compulsive disorder but obsessive-compulsive ritualistic behaviors are generally isolated activities.
Cantharellus subalbidus, the white chanterelle, is a fungus native to California and the Pacific Northwest region of North America. It is a member of the genus Cantharellus along with other popular edible chanterelles.  It is similar in appearance to other chanterelles except for its cream to white color and orange bruising.Cantharellus subalbidus may form a mycorrhizal association with species of pine, hemlock, Douglas-fir, and Pacific madrone. C. subalbidus has been found to be more common in old-growth forests than in younger forests.
Lena Aylin Erdil (born 28 February 1989) is a professional windsurfer from İzmir, Turkey. She is competing in the PWA World Tour mostly in the slalom event. She is currently sponsored by NRV, Starboard Windsurfing, Point7, Salzbrenner Würstchen and FGH.
The Tigray War (Tigrinya: ውግእ ትግራይ; Amharic: ትግራይ ጦርነት, romanized: Tigrāy t’Orinet) is an ongoing civil war that began on 3 November 2020 in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia. The local Tigray Defense Forces (TDF) are fighting the Ethiopian National Defense Force (ENDF), the Ethiopian Federal Police, regional police, and gendarmerie forces of the neighbouring Amhara and Afar regions with the involvement of the Eritrean Defence Forces (EDF). All sides, particularly the ENDF, EDF, and TDF have committed war crimes during the conflict. Due to the onset of the war, a deep humanitarian crisis has developed.
In 2019, to distance the country from ethnic federalism and ethnic nationalist politics, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed merged the ethnic and region-based constituent parties of the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF) coalition and several opposition parties into his new Prosperity Party. The Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), a politically powerful entity that had dominated Ethiopian politics for 27 years as a repressive regime through a one-party dominant system, refused to join the new party. The TPLF then alleged that Abiy Ahmed became an illegitimate ruler because the general elections scheduled for 29 August 2020 were postponed to 2021 due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The TPLF, led by its chairman Debretsion Gebremichael, went ahead with regional elections in Tigray in September 2020 in defiance of the federal government, which then declared the Tigray election illegal.Fighting between Tigray forces and the federal government began on 3 November 2020, when Tigrayan security forces attacked the ENDF Northern Command bases and headquarters in the Tigray Region. The ENDF counterattacked in Tigray, which Prime Minister Abiy described as "law enforcement operations". Federal allied forces captured Mekelle, the capital of the Tigray Region, on 28 November, after which Prime Minister Abiy declared the Tigray operation "over". The Tigray government stated in late November that it would continue fighting until the "invaders" are out, and on 28 June 2021 the Tigray Defense Forces retook Mekelle and advanced into the Amhara and Afar regions in July. In early November 2021, the TDF together with the Oromo Liberation Army (OLA) took control of several towns on the highway south from Tigray Region towards Addis Ababa, and the TPLF stated that its was "considering marching on Addis Ababa". Together with seven smaller rebel groups, the TPLF and OLA declared a coalition aiming to "dismantle Abiy's government by force or by negotiations, and then form a transitional authority."Mass extrajudicial killings of civilians took place during November and December 2020 in and around Adigrat, Hagere Selam, in the Hitsats refugee camp, and in Humera, Mai Kadra Debre Abbay, and Axum. At least 10,000 people have died, and war rape became a "daily" occurrence, with girls as young as 8, and women as old as 72, raped, often in front of their families.Peace and mediation proposals included an early November 2020 African Union (AU) mediation proposed by Debretsion and refused by Abiy; an AU trio of former African presidents who visited Ethiopia in late November 2020; an emergency Intergovernmental Authority on Development summit of East African heads of government and state that met in late 20 December 2020 in Djibouti; and peace proposals on 19 February 2021 by the Tigray regional government (led by TPLF) and on 20 February by the National Congress of Great Tigray (Baytona), Tigray Independence Party (TIP) and Salsay Weyane Tigray (SAWET). In July and August 2021, the "A3+1" mediation group, consisting of three African countries, Kenya, Niger and Tunisia and one non-African country, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, called for an "Ethiopian-owned process" supported by peace resolution processes, especially those of the AU, in the spirit of "African solutions to African challenges". Olusegun Obasanjo, former president of Nigeria, talked to Abiy and Debretsion separately and stated on 8 November 2021 to the AU Peace and Security Council that both leaders agreed that "the differences opposing them are political and require political solution through dialogue."
In Finance the Treynor–Black model is a mathematical model for security selection published by Fischer Black and Jack Treynor in 1973. The model assumes an investor who considers that most securities are priced efficiently, but who believes they have information that can be used to predict the abnormal performance (Alpha) of a few of them; the model finds the optimum portfolio to hold under such conditions.
In essence the optimal portfolio consists of two parts: a passively invested index fund containing all securities in proportion to their market value and an 'active portfolio' containing the securities for which the investor has made a prediction about alpha. In the active portfolio the weight of each stock is proportional to the alpha value divided by the variance of the residual risk.
Cholmondeston ( CHUM-stən) is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. The village lies 5 miles (8 km) to the northwest of Nantwich. Nearby villages include Aston juxta Mondrum, Barbridge, Calveley and Wettenhall. The Middlewich Branch of the Shropshire Union Canal and the Crewe–Chester railway line run through the civil parish. The area is predominantly rural, with a total population of around 150 in 2001, increasing to 175 at the 2011 Census.
The Hochstein (Sorbian: 'Rubježny hród') is a mountain in Saxony, eastern Germany. At an elevation of 533.1 m (1,749 ft), it is the easternmost peak of the Czorneboh chain in the Upper Lusatian Highlands.
At the summit cliffs, which are under protection as natural monuments, the mica granodiorite of which the mountain consists can be observed breaking through the surface.
Khaneqah (Persian: خانقاه, also Romanized as Khāneqāh) is a village in Khanamrud Rural District, in the Central District of Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 420, in 97 families.
The 2020 Newfoundland and Labrador Tankard, the men's provincial curling championship for Newfoundland and Labrador, was held from January 28 to February 2 at the RE/MAX Centre in St. John's. The winning Brad Gushue rink will represent Newfoundland and Labrador at the 2020 Tim Hortons Brier, Canada's national men's curling championship in Kingston, Ontario.
Brad Gushue won his fifteenth Newfoundland and Labrador Tankard with a 3–1 victory over Trent Skanes in the final.
2007 NC7, also written as 2007 NC7, is a trans-Neptunian object and centaur from the outer Solar System, approximately 106 kilometers in diameter. It was first observed on 11 July 2007, by American astronomers Megan Schwamb, Michael Brown and David Rabinowitz at Palomar Observatory in California.The object has a high eccentricity of 0.49. It comes within 17 AU of the Sun (inside the orbit of Uranus) and goes as far as 50 AU at aphelion (near the Kuiper cliff). It passed perihelion in September 1996.
For comparison, among the well-established, highly eccentric orbits formally classified as plutinos, the orbit of (15788) 1993 SB has an eccentricity of 0.318.
Robert Lindstedt and Horia Tecău successfully defended their title by beating Alexander Peya and Bruno Soares 6–3, 7–6 in the final.
Vistoria Shangula  (born 21 April 1992) is a Namibian women's international footballer who plays as a forward. She is a member of the Namibia women's national football team. She was part of the team at the 2014 African Women's Championship. On club level she played for JS Academy in Namibia.
WVSP-FM (94.1 FM, "ESPN Radio 94.1") is a sports radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Yorktown, Virginia, United States, serving The Peninsula, Middle Peninsula and Southside of Hampton Roads.  WVSP-FM is owned and operated by Max Broadcast Group Holdings, LLC. WVSP's studios are located on Greenwich Road in Virginia Beach, while its transmitter is located in Newport News Park in York County near Colonial National Historical Park.
Cyperus scleropodus is a species of sedge that is native to an area of eastern Africa in northern Somalia.The species was first formally described by the botanist Emilio Chiovenda in 1928.
Pyramid trading, also known as pyramiding, is a trading strategy which consists of adding to an existing trade or position as the price moves in the expected direction. Doing so reduces the risk levels of an investment, with traders using small increments to increase their holdings rather than betting big from the start.Pyramiding is popular among investors who are willing to play it safe by investing only a fraction of their intended full position and then waiting for the market to move before deciding to increase their hold on those equities that turned a profit. The strategy may appear counter-intuitive initially, with each subsequent entry into the market costing the investor more money than the previous one. This, however, makes it easier to avoid losses in the long run if no new investments are made until the old ones turn a profit.Pyramid trading should not be confused with either pyramid trading points, which are data-based means to determine when a trend is nearing exhaustion, or pyramid schemes, which are unsustainable, fraudulent and often illegal business models.
York Township is one of the twelve townships of Van Wert County, Ohio, United States.  The 2000 census found 788 people in the township, 650 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Jaycee Park, also known as Bathers Field, is a ballpark located in Hot Springs, Arkansas, United States. Built in 1946 and 1947, it opened on May 1, 1947, with a seating capacity of 4,000. The site was previously called Majestic Park and was the site of Spring Training for the Detroit Tigers, Boston Red Sox, Pittsburgh Pirates and Brooklyn Dodgers. From 1947 to 1955, it served as the home field for the Hot Springs Bathers, a minor league baseball team that played in the Cotton States League. From 1948 to 1951, it served as a Spring Training site for the Chicago White Sox organization. In 1949, its capacity was down to 2,600, and in 2008 it was down to 1,100.After operating as a Boys and Girls Club with ball fields from 1953 to 2016, the site reopened on February 4th, 2022 as Majestic Park Baseball Complex, owned and operated by the Hot Springs Advertising & Promotions Commission.  Majestic Park, a five-field baseball complex, will host youth baseball games and tournaments on the site of one of the first spring training sites in Major League Baseball history. 
Wetherby Grange was a stately home in the Micklethwaite area of Wetherby, West Yorkshire.  It was demolished in 1962.
The Clarion Ledger is an American daily newspaper in Jackson, Mississippi, predominantly featuring sports news. It is the second-oldest company in the state of Mississippi, and is one of the few newspapers in the nation that continues to circulate statewide.  It is an operating division of Gannett River States Publishing Corporation, owned by Gannett.
Howard Edmond Campbell (January 4, 1890 – January 6, 1971) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Howard E. Campbell was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He attended the public schools and the University of Pittsburgh. He was engaged in the real estate and insurance business in Pittsburgh in 1922, and president of the Pittsburgh Real Estate Board in 1943 and 1944.
Campbell was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-ninth Congress. He was unsuccessful in his bid for renomination to run as the Republican Party candidate for the 80th Congress during the 1946. He was President of East Liberty Chamber of Commerce in 1954 and 1955. He resided in Pittsburgh until his death there in 1971.
In the morning of 18 September 2019, Dutch lawyer Derk Wiersum was shot and killed near his home in Amsterdam. At the time of his death, Wiersum was a lawyer for state witness Nabil B. in the Marengo case against the so-called 'Mocro Maffia' led by Ridouan Taghi. The murder caused a great shock in the world of lawyers; it was called "an attack on the rule of law".
Maria ter Meetelen (20 June 1704, Amsterdam – fl. 1751), was a Dutch writer, famous for writing an autobiographic slave narrative of her years as a slave in Morocco, having been taken captive by Corsair pirates.  Her biography is considered to be a valuable witness statement of the life of a former slave (1748).
Eggert Hannesson (?1515-83) was a hirðstjóri (seniourmost position under the king in the island) and lawspeaker and lived in Saurbæ, otherwise known as Bær á Rauðasandi, a major farm in Barðastrandarsýsla.
Eggert was the son of leading Westfjorders: Hannes Eggertsson, the hirðstjóri in Núpur in Dýrafjörður, who was apparently of Norwegian descent, and his wife Guðrún, a daughter of Björn Guðnason, a sýslumaður in Ögur. Eggert had a sister, Katrín, who married Bishop Gissur Einarsson, the first Lutheran bishop in Iceland.
In his youth, Eggert served Ögmundur Pálsson, Bishop of Skálholt, and would have gone with him to Germany and Norway on his missions in the years 1538–39. Later, he was in the service of Gissur Einarsson and went with him when we went abroad for consecration in Copenhagen in 1542. He was sýslumaður in the Westfjords in 1544 and lived at first at Núpur. He was hirðstjóri 1551-53 and Lawspeaker for the south and east until 1556, and for the north and west 1556–68, after which he was a sýslumaður and steward of the land of Helgafellsklaustur.
Eggert was the richest man in Iceland of his time, and indeed the most powerful. Among his manuscripts was the celebrated Eggertsbók (Rekjavík, Stofnun Árna Magnússonar, AM 556a-b 4to), which contains the earliest surviving text of Gísla saga. On one occasion while Eggert lived at Saurbær, he was seized by English pirates and held for a whole month on board their ship until a high ransom was paid. In 1580 Eggert moved to Hamburg, where he died.Eggert's first wife was Sesselja Jónsdóttir; he later married Steinunn Jónsdóttir. His children were Björn, died accidentally from gunfire, Thorleif, lost at sea, & Jón murti, found guilty of murder or manslaying and fled the country to Hamborg where he spent his life and had descendents.
Gean House, or The Gean, is an early 20th-century Arts and Crafts style mansion, located on Tullibody Road, Alloa, Scotland. It was owned and used as a venue for events but has now been restored to a private residence since October 2018.
Jean Talouzian is a Lebanese politician who serves as member of parliament since 2018. He is a member of the Lebanese Forces and its parliamentary bloc, the Strong Republic.
Fretwell Hall (1892 – October 1937) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Brighton & Hove Albion and Halifax Town.
Tommaso Maria Conca (1734–1822), was an Italian  painter and draftsman, active mostly in Rome.
Imasco Limited was a Canadian corporation headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.  It was founded in 1970 as Imperial and Associates, Co.
Pierre Joffroy (born 1929 in Hayange, France) is a French author, dramaturge and journalist who wrote for Paris Match, Libération and L'Express. At present he lives in Paris.
For a period of 30 years he worked on a biography of Kurt Gerstein before he finally released the book A Spy for God, which deals with Kurt Gerstein's story and the decades of the author's research.
Within the framework of an interview with Deutschlandfunk(DLF) the French author declared, that he considered Kurt Gerstein to be "one of the most important persons of World War II".
OK Jaanu (transl. OK darling) is a 2017 Indian Hindi-language romantic drama film directed by Shaad Ali, with screenplay and story based on Mani Ratnam's Tamil film O Kadhal Kanmani, and produced by Ratnam and Karan Johar under their banners Madras Talkies and Dharma Productions respectively. It is a remake of Ratnam's Tamil film O Kadhal Kanmani, starring Dulquer Salmaan and Nithya Menon, and stars Aditya Roy Kapur and Shraddha Kapoor in the lead roles, with a supporting cast including Naseeruddin Shah and Leela Samson, the latter of whom appeared in the original as well, who essay the protagonists' landlords. Eesh Kakkar plays Tara's ex-boyfriend. A. R. Rahman composed the film's score and soundtrack. Gulzar has written the lyrics and the dialogues for the film.
Kindle Direct Publishing is Amazon.com's e-book self-publishing platform launched in November 2007, concurrently with the first Amazon Kindle device. Amazon launched Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP), originally called Digital Text Platform, for authors and publishers to independently publish their books directly to the Kindle Store.
Authors can upload documents in several formats for delivery via KDP website and charge between $0.99 and $200.00 for their works. These documents may be written in 44 languages.In 2016, Amazon also added a paperback option, which uses print-on-demand technology with the goal of offering digital and print to self-publishers. Amazon has been promoting to its authors the capability of publishing both e-books and paperbacks through the same platform.
The Guest House of Imperial Envoys Museum (Chinese: 欽差行臺; pinyin: ch'in ch'ai hsing t'ai) is the former site of the Qing dynasty government yamen that ruled Taiwan. The building is located at Taipei Botanical Garden in Zhongzheng District, Taipei. The building is the only office of the Qing dynasty remaining in Taiwan.
Derzhprom (Ukrainian: Держпром,  (listen)) is a station on Kharkiv Metro's Oleksiivska Line. The station opened on 6 May 1995.
Trichophassus is a monotypic moth genus of the family Hepialidae. The only described species is Trichophassus giganteus which is endemic to Brazil. The larva of this species has been recorded feeding on Adenocalymma, Eucalyptus, Ipomoea and Solanum.
Donat Roy Mittoo (3 March 1948 – 16 December 1990), better known as Jackie Mittoo, was a Jamaican-Canadian keyboardist, songwriter and musical director. He was a member of The Skatalites and musical director of the Studio One record label.Upon hearing of Mittoo's death, Coxsone Dodd commented "He was an ambassador of our music worldwide... there can be no doubt. Read the legacy this young man has left behind. May his name be remembered and his music live on."
An electric eye is a photodetector used for detecting obstruction of a light beam. An example is the door safety system used on garage door openers that use a light transmitter and receiver at the bottom of the door to prevent closing if there is any obstruction in the way that breaks the light beam. The device does not provide an image; only presence of light is detectable. Visible light may be used, but infrared radiation conceals the operation of the device and typically is used in modern systems. Originally, systems used lamps powered by direct current or the power line alternating current frequency, but modern photodetector systems use an infrared light-emitting diode modulated at a few kilohertz, which allows the detector to reject stray light and improves the range, sensitivity and security of the device.
The Benktander type II distribution, also called the Benktander distribution of the second kind, is one of two distributions introduced by Gunnar Benktander (1970) to model heavy-tailed losses commonly found in non-life/casualty actuarial science, using various forms of mean excess functions (Benktander & Segerdahl 1960). This distribution is "close" to the Weibull distribution (Kleiber & Kotz 2003).
Primortsi is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka, in Dobrich Province, in northeastern Bulgaria.
Join-patterns provides a way to write concurrent, parallel and distributed computer programs by message passing. Compared to the use of threads and locks, this is a high level programming model using communication constructs model to abstract the complexity of concurrent environment and to allow scalability. Its focus is on the execution of a chord between messages atomically consumed from a group of channels.
This template is based on join-calculus and uses pattern matching. Concretely, this is done by allowing the join definition of several functions and/or channels by matching concurrent call and messages patterns. It is a type of concurrency pattern because it makes easier and more flexible for these entities to communicate and deal with the multi-threaded programming paradigm.
Selma James (born Selma Deitch; formerly Weinstein; August 15, 1930) is an American writer, and feminist and social activist who is co-author of the women's movement book The Power of Women and the Subversion of the Community (with Mariarosa Dalla Costa), co-founder of the International Wages for Housework Campaign, and coordinator of the Global Women's Strike.
Bassett Furniture Industries is a furniture manufacturer and retailer, headquartered in Bassett, Virginia, United States. It was founded in 1902, by John D. Bassett, Charles C. Bassett, Samuel H. Bassett, and Reed L. Stone. Bassett Furniture is one of the oldest furniture manufacturers in Virginia. Bassett operates approximately 60 retail locations in the United States and Puerto Rico, and licenses its retail brand to about 40 additional locations.
The fifth season of the British-American animated television sitcom The Amazing World of Gumball, created by Ben Bocquelet, aired on Cartoon Network in the United States on September 1, 2016. The series focuses on the misadventures of Gumball Watterson, a blue 12-year-old cat, along with his adopted brother, Darwin, a goldfish. Together, they cause mischief among their family, as well as with the wide array of students at Elmore Junior High, where they attend middle school.
Bonkowski's gecko (Gekko bonkowskii)   is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to Laos.
Kaushalya Bannerji (born Calcutta) is a Canadian poet, visual artist and occasional essayist.
A resident of Toronto since the 1970s, Kaushalya Bannerji is the daughter of sociologist, philosopher and professor Himani Bannerji and professor, translator and writer, Manabendra Bandyopadhyay (1938-2020)https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manabendra_Bandyopadhyay. In her pioneering article "A Lotus of Another Color", she delved into the cultural complexities sexuality adds to one's sense of self, especially coming from a socially conservative society. To Bannerji, this dilemma is enhanced by the willingness of many lesbians of the global South to keep their cultural identity and roots,  while confronting jaundiced/misogynist and lesphobic opinions that their societies may have about sexuality.In her blog Ear to the Ground, Kaushalya Bannerji shares her own musings, poetry, and visual creations as well as those of other multidisciplinary artists..  Her visual art is available fo view and for sale on Instagram. https://www.instagram.com/kaushalyabannerji/
Ultra.2012 is a dance compilation album from Ultra Records, compiling original and remixed tracks from the label. It was released on November 8, 2011.  The album features a wide array of popular dance and electronic artists.
Zeuctophlebia tapinodes is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It was described by Alfred Jefferis Turner in 1904 and is known from Australia.
The Black and Yellow Trail was the promotional name for the portion of U.S. Route 14 (US 14) nominally linking the Black Hills of South Dakota to Yellowstone National Park.The signed auto trail route was extended by promoters to Chicago in the east. In 1919, it was proposed as a brand for a continuous route from Boston, Massachusetts to Seattle, Washington The headquarters for the promotional association were established in Huron, South Dakota with the aim of diverting traffic from the better-known Yellowstone Trail to the north. The Black and Yellow Trail also included portions of US 16, US 20, and US 41.
The Black and Yellow Trail is notable for a 1924 speech by South Dakota state historian Doane Robinson given to the route's organizers, where he first mentioned his proposal to carve figures of historical figures at Mount Rushmore.
Dido ( DY-doh; Ancient Greek: Διδώ Greek pronunciation: [diː.dɔ̌ː], Latin pronunciation: [ˈdiːdoː]), also known as Elissa ( ə-LISS-ə, Ἔλισσα), was the legendary founder and first queen of the Phoenician city-state of Carthage, located in modern Tunisia. Known only through ancient Greek and Roman sources, most of which were written well after Carthage's founding, her historicity remains uncertain. In most accounts, she was the queen of the Phoenician city-state of Tyre (today in Lebanon) who fled tyranny to found her own city in northwest Africa.
Details about Dido's character, life, and role in the founding of Carthage are best known from the account given in Virgil's epic poem, the Aeneid, which tells the legendary story of the Trojan hero Aeneas. Dido is described as a clever and enterprising woman who flees her ruthless and autocratic brother, Pygmalion, after discovering that he was responsible for her husband's death. Through her wisdom and leadership, the city of Carthage is founded and made prosperous.
Dido remains an enduring figure in popular culture, featured in plays, artworks, and other media into the 21st century. Her legacy is especially strong in Tunisia, whose women are sometimes called the "Daughters of Dido", and where she is regarded as a national symbol, even being previously featured on its currency.
The Dubai Music Week is a five-day music convention held at the Dubai International Convention Centre in Dubai in mid-September. The convention features a variety of concerts, conferences, and exhibitions. The event was established in 2013 by the Global Gumbo Group (G3) in partnership with the Dubai World Trade Centre (DWTC). The Dubai Music Festival features top international music artists and entertainment companies.
Przysieka [pʂɨˈɕeka] (German: Ringwall) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Katija Mira Pevec (born March 1, 1988) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Christina Beardsley in the 2005 film Yours, Mine and Ours, and Lauren Zelmer on the short-lived Nickelodeon television series, Just for Kicks.
Sara Josephine Baker (November 15, 1873 – February 22, 1945) was an American physician notable for making contributions to public health, especially in the immigrant communities of New York City. Her fight against the damage that widespread urban poverty and ignorance caused to children, especially newborns, is perhaps her most lasting legacy. In 1917, she noted that babies born in the United States faced a higher mortality rate than soldiers fighting in World War I, drawing a great deal of attention to her cause. She also is known for (twice) tracking down Mary Mallon, the infamous index case known as Typhoid Mary.
Charles Haberkorn (November 16, 1880 – November 1966)  was an American tug of war competitor and wrestler who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.
In the 1904 Olympics he won a bronze medal as a member of Southwest Turnverein of Saint Louis No. 2 team, which is officially considered a mixed team.As wrestler he competed in the freestyle lightweight category and was eliminated in the quarterfinals. He was born in Württemberg, Germany and died in St. Louis, Missouri.
Cacaliopsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Cacaliopsis nardosmia (formerly Cacalia nardosmia). It is known by the common name silvercrown. It is native to western North America, where it is distributed from southern British Columbia to northern California.This species is a perennial herb growing from rhizomes with a fibrous root system. It has an erect stem reaching about 90 centimeters in maximum height. The leaves are alternately arranged, and most are near the base of the stem. The blades have lobes subdivided into toothed segments. They are hairy to woolly, especially on the undersides. The blades are up to 35 centimeters long and are borne on petioles up to 30 centimeters long. The flower heads are in arrays or clusters. They contain up to 50 long yellow or orange disc florets and no ray florets. The fruit is a veiny cylindrical cypsela with a long pappus of many barbed, white bristles.The plant grows in oak and pine forests and meadows, sometimes on serpentine soils.
George Mozart (1864–1947) was a British music hall performer, who also appeared in a number of films.
Ayesha Dharker (born 16 March 1977) is a British-Indian actress, known for her appearance as Queen Jamillia, the Queen of Naboo, in Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones, and for her stage performances.
Her other film roles include starring as a young woman brainwashed into contemplating becoming a suicide bomber in the Tamil film The Terrorist (1997), for which she was awarded Best Artistic Contribution by an Actress at the Cairo International Film Festival and nominated for a National Film Award for Best Actress.She has also appeared in Outsourced and The Mistress of Spices, television series such as Arabian Nights, and the West End and Broadway musical Bombay Dreams.
Lauren Rose Goodger (born 19 September 1986) is an English television personality, glamour model, media personality and columnist. She starred in the ITVBe reality show The Only Way Is Essex from 2010 until 2012, debuting in the first series before departing in series 6.
In January 2013, Goodger took part in the eighth series of the ITV ice skating show Dancing on Ice, in which she was partnered with Michael Zenezini and finished eleventh after being eliminated in week 2. In August 2014, Goodger entered the Celebrity Big Brother house  in the fourteenth series of the show.
The Bloomberg Commodity Index (BCOM) is a broadly diversified commodity price index distributed by Bloomberg Index Services Limited. The index was originally launched in 1998 as the Dow Jones-AIG Commodity Index (DJ-AIGCI) and renamed to Dow Jones-UBS Commodity Index (DJ-UBSCI) in 2009, when UBS acquired the index from AIG. On July 1, 2014, the index was rebranded under its current name.The BCOM tracks prices of futures contracts on physical commodities on the commodity markets. The index is designed to minimize concentration in any one commodity or sector.  It currently has 23 commodity futures in six sectors. No one commodity can compose more than 15% of the index, no one commodity and its derived commodities can compose more than 25% of the index, and no sector can represent more than 33% of the index (as of the annual weightings of the components). The weightings for each commodity included in BCOM are calculated in accordance with rules account for liquidity and production data in a 2:1 ratio, which ensures that the relative proportion of each of the underlying individual commodities reflects its global economic significance and market liquidity. Annual rebalancing and reweighting ensure that diversity is maintained over time.
In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Uganda and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will have T20I status.This list comprises all members of the Uganda cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is initially arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname. Uganda played their first T20I match on 20 May 2019 against Botswana at the ICC T20 World Cup Africa Qualifier Finals.
Elaphe carinata, the king ratsnake (also known as Taiwan stink snake),  is a species of Colubrid snake found in Southeast and East Asia.
Sechseläutenplatz (literally: Sechseläuten square) is the largest town square situated in Zürich, Switzerland. Its name derives from the Sechseläuten (the city's traditional spring holiday), which is celebrated on the square in April.
State Highways are stretches with heavy traffic intensity of more than 10,000 PCUs but less than 30,000 PCUs which connects district headquarters, important towns and the National Highways in the state and neighboring states. Construction & Maintenance wing of Highways Department looks after construction, maintenance of all the State Highways (SH), major district roads (MDR), and other district roads (ODR). Tamil Nadu State Highways Network has eight circles: Chennai, Villupuram, Madurai, Salem, Tiruchirappalli, Coimbatore, Tiruppur and Tirunelveli.The state has a total of 286 state highways, 161 state highways urban (SH-U) stretches and 905 major district roads (MDRs), apart from other district roads (ODRs).
The Charles H. Marshall, was a 19th-century Sandy Hook pilot boat built by Henry Steers in 1860 for a group of New York pilots. She was in the Great Blizzard of 1888, the same year the National Geographic came out with an article about the successful struggle made by the crew of the Marshall. The boat was named in honor of the American businessman Charles Henry Marshall. In the age of steam she was sold in 1896.
The Wanganui River is in the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand. It flows northwest for 55 kilometres (34 mi) from its headwaters in the Southern Alps, entering the Tasman Sea near Lake Ianthe, 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of Hokitika.
After heavy rain in January 2013 the flooded river partially washed away the single-lane road bridge that carries State Highway 6, closing the only through road on the West Coast.Gravel buildup has gradually raised the riverbed, and in 2021 the West Coast Regional Council planned to elevate stopbanks by 1 m at a cost of $5.7 million to protect neighbouring farmland from flooding. Farmers protested the rates rise that would be needed to pay back this 30-year loan, and suggested the Department of Conservation should contribute.
Angara (Punjabi: انگارہ) is a 1985 Pakistani Punjabi language action film. It was directed and produced by Mohammad Ikram and starred Yousuf Khan in the lead role with Aasia, Ilyas Kashmiri, Sultan Rahi as the villain.
The Southern Cayuga Lake Intermunicipal Water Commission, commonly known as the Bolton Point Water System or just Bolton Point, is a public water system serving the suburbs and surroundings of Ithaca, New York.
The system draws water from Cayuga Lake, and serves the Village of Lansing, the Village of Cayuga Heights, the Town of Ithaca (including Ithaca College), the Town of Lansing, and parts of the Town of Dryden. It is one of three water systems in the Ithaca area, the others being run by the City of Ithaca and Cornell University. 
The system was created after a drought in the mid-1960s prompted local officials to seek alternatives to the existing, creek-supplied water systems in the area. It opened in 1976.
Dishwalla is an American alternative rock band from Santa Barbara, California, United States. The band's name comes from a Hindi term for a person providing satellite TV to a neighborhood. In a Vox interview, lead guitarist Rodney Browning Cravens claimed the band took the name out of a Wired magazine article. The band is best known for their 1996 hit song "Counting Blue Cars". The band was formerly known as Life Talking until about 1990 when they decided that the name "sounded too 80s".
Will Harries (born 30 March 1987) is a Wales international rugby union player who currently plays at Chinnor RFC in the English. He has also played for the Northampton Saints, Bedford Blues (on loan) and the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Harries was educated at The Cathedral School, Llandaff and Millfield, a school known for its rugby tradition. He appeared in a LV Cup game against the Saracens for the Dragons in January 2010, in which he scored 2 tries and was named Man-of-the-Match. He was released by Newport Gwent Dragons at the end of the 2013–14 season.
In May 2010 he was added to the Wales national rugby union team standby list for the summer matches and subsequently called into the full squad due to injury to Shane Williams. He made his international debut versus New Zealand in Hamilton on 26 June 2010.
He has also been selected for the Wales national rugby sevens team squad.
Robert Waltrip Short (September 15, 1924 – March 21, 2005) was an American cabaret singer and pianist, best known for his interpretations of songs by popular composers of the first half of the 20th century such as Rodgers and Hart, Cole Porter, Jerome Kern, Harold Arlen, Richard A. Whiting, Vernon Duke, Noël Coward and George and Ira Gershwin.
He also championed African-American composers of the same period such as Eubie Blake, James P. Johnson, Andy Razaf, Fats Waller, Duke Ellington and Billy Strayhorn, presenting their work not in a polemical way, but as simply the obvious equal of that of their white contemporaries.
His dedication to his great love – what he called the "Great American Song" – left him equally adept at performing the witty lyrics of Bessie Smith's "Gimme a Pigfoot (And a Bottle of Beer)" or Gershwin and Duke's "I Can't Get Started". Short stated his favorite songwriters were Ellington, Arlen and Kern, and he was instrumental in spearheading the construction of the Ellington Memorial in New York City. He was a friend of Tom Jobim and was present during the composer's final days in New York City.
Beckenham Beacon is a redeveloped health centre in Beckenham, on the site of the old Beckenham Hospital, in the London Borough of Bromley, England. It is managed by King's College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust. It opened in 2009.
Igbo Etiti is a local government area of Enugu State, Nigeria. Its headquarters are in the town of Ogbede.
It has an area of 325 km2 and a population of 209,248 at the 2006 census.
The 2000–01 season was Deportivo de La Coruña's 30th season in La Liga, the top division of Spanish football. They also competed in the Copa del Rey, the UEFA Champions League and the Supercopa de España.
Lasiodiplodia margaritacea is an endophytic fungus that might be a canker pathogen, specifically for Adansonia gibbosa (baobab). It was isolated from said trees, as well as surrounding ones, in the Kimberley (Western Australia).
Graham Norton is a Gaelic footballer who plays for the St Brigid's club and the Dublin county team.
Giorgos Papadopoulos (born 1914, date of death unknown) was a Greek footballer. He played in nine matches for the Greece national football team from 1934 to 1938. He was also part of Greece's team for their qualification matches for the 1938 FIFA World Cup.
Roberto Merhi Muntan (born 22 March 1991) is a Spanish racing driver who drove in Formula One for the Manor Marussia F1 Team during the 2015 season. Merhi has also raced in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series for Pons Racing, and won the Formula 3 Euro Series championship, while driving for Prema Powerteam. In 2018, he drove for MP Motorsport and Campos Vexatec Racing in the FIA Formula 2 Championship. Since 2019, he has competed in sportscar racing, including finishing third in the 2019–20 Asian Le Mans Series.
The Jinno Institute (学校法人神野学園, Gakkō Hōjin Jinno Gakuen) is an educational foundation in Aichi that operates a university and two colleges in Gifu, Japan[1].
Banū ʿĀmir ibn Ṣaʿṣaʿa (Arabic: بنو عامر بن صعصعة) was a large and ancient Arab tribe originating from central Arabia that dominated Najd for centuries after the rise of Islam.  The tribe is an Arab Adnanite tribe and its lineage is traced back to Adnan and Ishmael son of Abraham through Hawazin, and its original homeland was the border area between Nejd and Hejaz in Khurmah and Ranyah.  Although the Banu 'Amir were engaged in a long war with the Quraysh before the appearance of Islam, manifesting in particular as the Fijar War, the tribe was characterized by giving late allegiance to Muhammad and his immediate successors. the tribe produced several well-known Arabic poets, the most famous of whom was Labid ibn Rabi'ah, an author of one of the Seven Hanged Poems.  Other poets included 'Amir ibn al-Tufayl, an important tribal chief; al-Ra'i al-Numayri, an opponent of Jarir; and the female poet Layla al-Akhyaliyyah.  The protagonists of the romantic saga of Layla wal Majnun, Qays and Layla, also belonged to Banu 'Amir.
Dorcadion merkli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Ludwig Ganglbauer in 1884. It is known from Turkey.
Coleophora caelebipennella is a moth of the family Coleophoridae. It is found in most of Europe, except Great Britain, Ireland and the Balkan Peninsula. It is also known from Pakistan.
The wingspan is 13–16 mm.The larvae feed on Artemisia campestris, Artemisia vulgaris, Centaurea, Chrysanthemum, Gnaphalium, Helichrysum arenarium, Helichrysum italicum, Helichrysum italicum serotinum and Helichrysum stoechas. They create a two-valved, brownish black, matt, silken case with a length of 12–15 mm. The mouth angle is about 45°. Larvae can be found from September to July.
Château Calon-Ségur is a winery in the Saint-Estèphe appellation of the Bordeaux wine region of France. The wine produced here was classified as one of fourteen Troisièmes Crus Classés (Third Growths) in the historic Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855. It is the northernmost classified growth in the Médoc.
Voltigeurs DGC (French: Parcours de disc golf du Parc des Voltigeurs) is an 18-hole disc golf course located in Drummondville, Quebec, Canada. The course was established in 2015 in collaboration with Club Disc Golf Drummondville, Albatroz Disc Golf, Peter Lizotte and the city of Drummondville. It is the home course of the Association Disc Golf Centre-du-Québec (ADGCQ). Voltigeurs DGC ranks among the highest-rated disc golf courses in Quebec.
Mount Odin is a mountain in British Columbia, Canada. The mountain was likely named by George Dawson as his map contains the earliest known appearance of the name.
Peter Shreeves (born 30 November 1940) is a Welsh former football player, manager and coach.
Kandipara Askar Ali High School is a secondary school in Gaffargaon Upazila, Mymensingh District, Bangladesh. The school was founded in 1906 by Askar Ali Sarkar.
Scythris niphozela is a species of moth in the family Scythrididae. It is endemic to New Zealand. It is classified as "At Risk, Naturally Uncommon" by the Department of Conservation.
Agetinella is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Eumolpinae. It contains only one species, Agetinella minuta, which is known from Swan River in Western Australia. The genus and species were first described by the German entomologist Martin Jacoby, in an article posthumously published in 1908. The genus was originally assigned to the tribe Eumolpini, but later leaf beetle classifications instead place it as incertae sedis within Eumolpinae.In a 1990 PhD thesis by Chris A.M. Reid, it was determined that Agetinella actually belonged to Cryptocephalinae, and is a synonym of Leasia. Because the dissertation is considered to be unpublished according to the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature, this nomenclatural act is not valid.
Space Battle Lunchtime is an American comic book created by Natalie Riess and published through Oni Press. The first issue of the eight-issue monthly miniseries was released May 4, 2016. The story is about Peony, a young pastry chef who is chosen to participate in an interstellar cooking competition.
Maria Macklin (1733 – 1781) was a British actress. Her parents were both leading Irish born actors.
Ultra Fractal is a fractal generation and rendering software application. The program was the first publicly available fractal software which featured layering methods previously only found in image editing software.  Because of this the program has become popular for use in the creation of fractal art.
Ultra Fractal is commercial software, but an evaluation version is freely available. The unregistered version creates watermarked renders.
Gregory Thomas Murtha (born April 23, 1957) is a former American football tackle. He played for the Baltimore Colts in 1982 and for the New Jersey Generals from 1983 to 1984.
Seobit is a former Tongva-Gabrieleño Native American settlement in Los Angeles County, California.  It was located along the San Gabriel River, likely near present-day Norwalk, California,
Khemarak Phoumin (Khmer: ក្រុងខេមរភូមិន្ទ, lit. 'Royal Khmer'), also Koh Kong (Khmer: ក្រុងកោះកុង), is the capital and largest city of Koh Kong Province in Cambodia. It is near the mouth of the Kah Bpow river in Smach Mean Chey District on the Gulf of Thailand. The city lies only 10 kilometres from the Thai border. It is 138 kilometres by Highway 48 to National Highway 4 at Sre Ambel and a further 133 kilometres to Phnom Penh. After completion of the bridges on Highway 48 in 2010 the land link to Phnom Penh and Sihanoukville has significantly improved.
Prime Aviation JSC is a private airline established in 2005 and based in Almaty, Kazakhstan operating charter and business flights from its bases of Almaty Airport, Atyrau Airport and Astana Airport.
Fløan Church (Fløan kirke) was a medieval church that stood in the village of Fløan in the Skatval area of present-day Stjørdal municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway.  The church was located about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) northwest of the town of Stjørdalshalsen. Materials from Fløan church are displayed at the Trøndelag Folkemuseum at Sverresborg in Trondheim.
Rockin' the Oldies was the fifth album of rock and roll music by Bill Haley and His Comets. Produced by Milt Gabler, the album was released by Decca Records in 1957. It was the first of three "themed albums" that Haley recorded for Decca. On this occasion the album consisted of re-recordings of popular standards, some dating back 30 years or more, but rearranged in a rock and roll style. For example, Haley's version of Larry Clinton's "The Dipsy Doodle" included new lyrics referring to Haley's past hits, "Shake, Rattle and Roll" and "See You Later Alligator". The album did not produce any hit singles.
The recording sessions that produced this album are notable for not including Haley's usual saxophone player, Rudy Pompilli. Sidelined by illness, his place was taken by Frankie Scott. One song originally recorded for this album, "Rock Lomond" was held over until the later compilation release Rockin' the Joint.
Komatha En Kulamatha (transl. Mother cow is our family deity) is a 1973 Indian Tamil-language drama film, directed by M. A. Thirumugam and produced by Sandow M. M. A. Chinnappa Thevar. Music was by Shankar–Ganesh duo. The film stars Prameela and Srikanth, with Thengai Srinivasan, M. Bhanumathi, Nagesh, S. N. Lakshmi, Major Sundararajan and S. A. Ashokan in supporting roles. The film was remade in Telugu as Palle Paduchu, and in Hindi as Gaai Aur Gori in (1973).
Ariadne (; Greek: Ἀριάδνη; Latin: Ariadne) was a Cretan princess in Greek mythology. She was mostly associated with mazes and labyrinths because of her involvement in the myths of the Minotaur and Theseus. She is best known for having helped Theseus escape the Minotaur but being abandoned by him on the island of Naxos; subsequently, she became the wife of Dionysus.  (There are many other versions of her myth.)
The ancient Roman author Hyginus identified Ariadne as the Roman Libera/Proserpina at approximately the same time as Libera was officially identified with Proserpina in 205 BC, these two names becoming synonymous for the same goddess. Hyginus equated Libera/Proserpina with Ariadne as bride to Liber whose Greek equivalent was Dionysus, the husband of Ariadne.
2011 Desafio Internacional das Estrelas was the seventh edition of Desafio Internacional das Estrelas (International Challenge of the Stars) with Lucas di Grassi as the defending champion. Races scheduled for 3–4 December at Arena Sapiens Park in Florianópolis-SC. The event was won by Jaime Alguersuari after he came 2nd in  Race 1 and won Race 2.
Flash welding is a type of resistance welding that does not use any filler metals. The pieces of metal to be welded are set apart at a predetermined distance based on material thickness, material composition, and desired properties of the finished weld. Current is applied to the metal, and the gap between the two pieces creates resistance and produces the arc required to melt the metal. Once the pieces of metal reach the proper temperature, they are pressed together, effectively forge welding them together.
Mother and Child is a song cycle for soprano and piano composed in 1918 by John Ireland (1879–1962). It consists of settings of eight poems by Christina Rossetti (1830–94), from her collection Sing-Song: A Nursery Rhyme Book (1872, 1893).A typical performance takes about 10 minutes. The songs are:
The mulard (or moulard) is a hybrid between two different genera of domestic duck: the domestic Muscovy duck (Cairina moschata domestica) and the domestic duck (Anas platyrhynchos domesticus), derived from the wild mallard. American Pekins and other domestic ducks are most commonly used to breed mulards due to the breed's high meat production. Like many interspecific F1 hybrids, mulards are sterile, giving them the nickname mule ducks. While it is possible to produce mulards naturally, artificial insemination is used more often with greater success. The term mulard or moulard is generally reserved for offspring where the parental drake is a Muscovy and the duck is a Pekin. When the drake is a Pekin, the offspring tend to be smaller and are called hinnies.
Josh Abraham is an American record producer, songwriter, and music executive. He has worked with artists including  P!nk, Thirty Seconds to Mars, Kelly Clarkson, Shakira, Weezer, Linkin Park, Velvet Revolver, Carly Rae Jepsen, Adam Lambert, Alkaline Trio, and Slayer.His career began in the recording studio in the mid-1990s, as a self-taught musician, producer, mixer, and engineer. He met vocalist Jay Gordon leading to production work.As a client of The Firm, Inc. he became A&R and Staff Producer, leading to a similar role at Virgin Records where he teamed up with the likes of Thirty Seconds to Mars and Courtney Love.
Dwaraka Tirumala mandal is one of the 48 mandals in West Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is under the administration of Eluru revenue division and the headquarters are located at Dwaraka Tirumala. The mandal is bounded by Jangareddygudem, Koyyalagudem, Kamavarapukota, Nallajerla, Pedavegi, Unguturu, Denduluru and Bhimadole mandals.
Germece is a village in the Çankırı district of Çankırı Province in Turkey.
Pointe technique ( pwant) is the part of classical ballet technique that concerns pointe work, in which a ballet dancer supports all body weight on the tips of fully extended feet within pointe shoes. A dancer is said to be en pointe () when the dancer's body is supported in this manner, and a fully extended vertical foot is said to be en pointe when touching the floor, even when not bearing weight. Pointe work is performed while wearing pointe shoes, which employ structural reinforcing to distribute the dancer's weight load throughout the foot, thus reducing the load on the toes enough to enable the dancer to support all body weight on fully vertical feet.
Pointe technique resulted from a desire for female dancers to appear weightless and sylph-like. Although both men and women are capable of pointe work, it is most often performed by women. Extensive training and practice are required to develop the strength and technique needed for pointe work. Typically, dance teachers consider factors such as age, experience, strength and alignment when deciding whether to allow a dancer to begin pointe work.
Al-Alia International Indian School (AAIIS) (Arabic: المدرسة العالية العالمية الهنديه‎, romanized: al-Madrasah al-ʿĀlīyah al-ʿĀlamīyah al-Hindīyah; Malayalam: അല്‍-അലിയ ഇന്റര്‍നാഷണല്‍ ഇന്ത്യന്‍ സ്‌കൂളു, romanized: al-Aliya Inṟarnāṣaṇal Intyan Skūḷa), initially Al-Alia Indian Central School is a K–12 English-medium gender-isolated community-based international school in al-Malazz, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Primarily serving the South Indian diaspora, mostly Malayalis, it was founded in 2003 by Indian politician and businessman Thomas Chandy. Besides offering Indian curriculum prescribed by the Central Board of Secondary Education, it is also a member of the CBSE Gulf Sahodaya and is approved by the Ministry of Education, Government of Saudi Arabia.
Alfred Clark Chapin (March 8, 1848 – October 2, 1936) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the Mayor of Brooklyn and a member of the United States House of Representatives.
The 2003–04 NBA season was the 76ers' 65th season, and their 55th in the National Basketball Association. During the offseason, the Sixers acquired All-Star forward Glenn Robinson from the Atlanta Hawks and rookie Kyle Korver, who was drafted by the New Jersey Nets in the 2003 NBA draft. After Larry Brown left to become head coach of the Detroit Pistons, the Sixers hired Randy Ayers as his replacement. However, at midseason, Ayers was fired after a 21–31 start, and interim head coach Chris Ford took over for the rest of the season. Superstar guard Allen Iverson had a rough year in which he had clashed with coaches and skipped a number of practices. Despite Iverson playing only 48 games due to injuries, he still was voted to start in the 2004 NBA All-Star Game. Robinson finished second on the team in scoring averaging 16.6 points per game, but played just 42 games due to ankle and elbow injuries.
The Sixers lost 15 more games than the previous season, finishing fifth in the Atlantic Division with a 33–49 record and missing the playoffs for the first time since 1998. Following the season, Eric Snow was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers, Derrick Coleman was traded to the Detroit Pistons, and Ford was fired.
Andrew Richard Crook (born 14 October 1980, in Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian cricketer and sports administrator. He played first-class cricket for South Australia, Lancashire and Northamptonshire as an all-rounder, bowling off spin. He is the brother of English county player Steven Crook, who played alongside him at both Lancashire and Northants.
A suspended chord (or sus chord) is a musical chord in which the (major or minor) third is omitted and replaced with a perfect fourth or a major second. The lack of a minor or a major third in the chord creates an open sound, while the dissonance between the fourth and fifth or second and root creates tension. When using popular-music symbols, they are indicated by the symbols "sus4" and "sus2". For example, the suspended fourth and second chords built on C (C–E–G), written as Csus4 and Csus2, have pitches C–F–G and C–D–G, respectively.Suspended fourth and second chords can be represented by the integer notation {0, 5, 7} and {0, 2, 7}, respectively.
Actv S.p.A. (Azienda del Consorzio Trasporti Veneziano) is a public company responsible for public transportation in Venice and Chioggia municipalities and for interurban bus services in province of Venice. ACTV is not responsible for Venice People Mover (managed by AVM) and waterbus routes between airport and the lagoon area (managed by Alilaguna). Connections by bus with Venice airport are managed by ACTV and by ATVO.
Bogdan Bojko ['bɔɡdan ˈbɔjkɔ] (listen) (born February 10, 1959 in Nowa Sól) is a Polish politician. He was elected to the Sejm on September 25, 2005, receiving 5,123 votes in 8 Zielona Góra districts, as a candidate on the Civic Platform list.
The Price of Folly is a 1937 British drama film directed by Walter Summers and starring Leonora Corbett, Colin Keith-Johnston and Judy Kelly. The screenplay concerns a man who, after a failed attempt to kill a woman, finds himself blackmailed over the incident.The film was based on the play Double Error by J. Lee Thompson. The film was produced and distributed by the large ABPC combine for whom Thompson later became an established director. It was shot at Welwyn Studios with sets designed by the art director Cedric Dawe.
An election to the electoral county of Fingal within Dublin County to Dublin County Council took place on 27 June 1991 as part of that year's Irish local elections. 24 councillors were elected from 6 local electoral areas on the system of proportional representation by means of the single transferable vote for a five-year term of office. It was one of three electoral counties within Dublin County at this election, the others being Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown and South Dublin.
The electoral county had been established in 1985 as Dublin–Fingal and was renamed Fingal for these local elections.From 1 January 1994, on the coming into effect of the Local Government (Dublin) Act 1993, County Dublin was disestablished as an administrative county, and in its place the electoral counties became three new counties. The councillors listed below became the councillors for Fingal County Council from that date.
The 93rd Emperor's Cup (第93回天皇杯全日本サッカー選手権大会) is the regular edition of the annual Japanese national cup tournament. It started on 31 August 2013 and ended on 1 January 2014 with the final at National Stadium in Tokyo.
Yokohama F. Marinos defeated 2013 J.League Division 1 champions Sanfrecce Hiroshima 2–0 for their seventh Emperor's Cup, their first in twenty-one years and their second in the J.League era after winning 1992 Emperor's Cup as Nissan F.C. Yokohama Marinos. The cup winners would normally receive a berth in the upcoming AFC Champions League; as F. Marinos finished as J.League runners-up that year, the nod went to Cerezo Osaka, the fourth-placed team in the 2013 J.League Division 1.
Antingan (Russian: Антинган) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Antingansky Selsoviet, Khaybullinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 536 as of 2010. There are 14 streets.
Zocdoc is a New York City-based company offering an online service that allows people to find and book in-person or telemedicine appointments for medical or dental care. The platform also functions as a physician and dentist rating and comparison database. The service is free for patients, and doctors pay to advertise their appointment slots. Established in 2007, the private company had a $1.8 billion valuation by August 2015, the third-highest for a startup in New York at the time.
Shooting to wound refers to attempts to use a firearm to harm someone without killing them. It is controversial since the unpredictable nature of firearm wounds could result in the wound failing to incapacitate the target; it may accidentally kill or miss the target, the latter presents a risk of unintended casualties.  Limbs are one main area often targeted when shooting to wound. However, limbs are smaller and can be moved faster and more radically than the torso, so the option of shooting to wound is generally viewed with skepticism by law enforcement in the United States.There are numerous variables when determining how severe a gunshot wound is, such as the bullet's size, velocity, and trajectory; the type of firearm is also essential in the examination. The severity is also dependent on the location of the wound; individuals who suffer gunshot wounds require specific medical procedures to reduce the likelihood of death, permanent disability, or other complications; they also require immediate medical services. Even if the victim survives, they may have a permanent disability, trauma, or lifelong damage as a result of the wound.
Zeena Limbai (born 4 July 1990) is a Papua New Guinean footballer who plays as a forward. She has been a member of the Papua New Guinea women's national team.
The Sheriff Principal of Lothian and Borders is the head of the judicial system of the sheriffdom of Lothian and Borders, one of the six sheriffdoms covering the whole of Scotland. The sheriffdom employs a number of legally qualified sheriffs who are responsible for the hearing of cases in four Sheriffs Courts based in Edinburgh, Jedburgh, Livingston and Selkirk. The current Scottish sheriffdoms were created in 1975 when the previous arrangement of 12 sheriffdoms was discontinued.
The Sheriff Principal, usually a Queen's Counsel (QC), is appointed by the Queen on the recommendation of the First Minister, who receives recommendations from the Judicial Appointments Board for Scotland. He or she must have been qualified as an advocate or solicitor for at least ten years and is responsible for the administrative oversight of the judicial system within the sheriffdom. The Sheriff Principal will also hear appeals against the judgement of his sheriffs, hear certain cases himself and occasionally conduct major fatal accident inquiries.
The Lao People's Armed Forces (LPAF; Lao: ກອງທັບປະຊາຊົນລາວ) is the armed forces of the Lao People's Democratic Republic and the institution of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party, who are charged with protecting the country.
Image Entertainment Corporation is a Canadian animation production company based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The Company was founded in 2000 by company president Sylvain Viau and specializes in 2D and 3D animation for international clientele. The company is currently developing a new children's series called Spyworld.
Myriostephes leucostictalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1899. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are fuscous, the forewings with traces of an antemedial line, as well as a dark discoidal point and an indistinct postmedial line. The outer half of the costa has five prominent pure white spots. The hindwings have an indistinct postmedial line. Both the forewings and hindwings have a dark terminal line.
Auguste Adib Pacha (2 August 1859 – 9 July 1936) (Arabic: أوغست أديب باشا) was the first Prime Minister of Lebanon, which at the time was a part of the Mandate for Syria and the Lebanon. He served in that capacity twice between 1926 and 1932.
A functional food is a food claimed to have an additional function (often one related to health promotion or disease prevention) by adding new ingredients or more of existing ingredients. The term may also apply to traits purposely bred into existing edible plants, such as purple or gold potatoes having increased anthocyanin or carotenoid contents, respectively. Functional foods may be "designed to have physiological benefits and/or reduce the risk of chronic disease beyond basic nutritional functions, and may be similar in appearance to conventional food and consumed as part of a regular diet".The term was first used in the 1980s in Japan, where there is a government approval process for functional foods called Foods for Specified Health Use (FOSHU).
No. 232 (Transport) Group RAF was a group of the Royal Air Force, active in 1945–46.
It was formed 24 February 1945 from the RAF Element of the Combat Cargo Task Force, and appears to have included No. 436 Squadron RCAF. It disbanded on 15 August 1946. It was officially a Transport Command Group, operating under control of HQ Air Command South-East Asia. Air Commodore Alfred Earle was Air Officer Commanding, having arrived from command of No. 300 Group in Australia.It had a communication squadron, No. 232 Group Communication Squadron.
Piper seychellarum (also called Seychelles Pepper) is a species of plant in the family Piperaceae. It is endemic to Seychelles.  Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Alfred Wellington Purdy  (December 30, 1918 – April 21, 2000) was a 20th-century Canadian free verse poet. Purdy's writing career spanned fifty-six years. His works include thirty-nine books of poetry; a novel; two volumes of memoirs and four books of correspondence, in addition to his posthumous works. He has been called the nation's "unofficial poet laureate"  and "a national poet in a way that you only find occasionally in the life of a culture."
Giacomo Morandi (born 24 August 1965) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church who has been named bishop of Reggio Emilia-Guastalla. He served as the undersecretary of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith from 2015 to 2017 and then as secretary until 2022. He was made an archbishop in 2017 and retains that as his personal title.
Ravi Raj (born Jamshedpur, Jharkhand) is a well-known television and film director and producer in India. He started his production house "Ravi Raj Creations" in 2017 & launched Agniphera, Ankit Gera, Yukti Kapoor Simran Kaur, are going to play leads in the show, he has Directed many TV shows include Swaragini and Woh Rehne Waali Mahlon Ki.
Benedict of Norwich (fl. 1340) was an Augustinian monk who flourished in the reign of Edward III. According to John Bale he was distinguished for his linguistic, his scientific, and his theological skill. However, Bale finds great fault with the tendency of Benedict's teaching, accusing him of a leaning towards Novatianism, Arianism, and other heresies, and also of trusting too much to Gentile authority, 'when he should have known that the divine wisdom has no need of human inventions.'Benedict, who was abbot of the Austin friars at Norwich, apparently made himself a great reputation by his popular discourses, and in this way so approved himself to Antony Bek, bishop of Norwich (1337-1443), that this prelate appointed him suffragan in his diocese. Bale calls him 'episcopus Cardicensis.'
  Benedict seems to have flourished about the year 1340. He was buried at Norwich, but the date of his death is not known.
His writings, as enumerated by Bale, consisted of an Alphabet of Aristotle, sermons for a year, and hortatory epistles. William Stubbs thought Benedict was suffragan of both Winchester and Norwich from 1333 to 1346.
KLOK (1170 kHz "Radio Mirchi 1170 AM") is a commercial AM radio station broadcasting a radio format of Hindi language talk and Bollywood music. Licensed to San Jose, California, the station serves the San Francisco Bay Area. Since June 2009, KLOK 1170 AM has served the South Asian community.
By day, KLOK is powered at 50,000 watts, the maximum for American AM stations.  But at night, to protect other stations on 1170 AM, it reduces power to 9,000 watts.  It uses a directional antenna in the daytime, helping it cover most of the Bay Area.
Osaka City University (OCU) (大阪市立大学, Ōsaka shiritsu daigaku), abbreviated to Ichidai or Shidai (市大), is a public university in Japan. It is located in Sumiyoshi-ku, Osaka. It is one of the most prestigious universities in Japan regarding Applied Linguistics.
The university will merge with Osaka Prefecture University to form Osaka Metropolitan University (OMU) in April 2022.
Ernavoor, also spelled Ernavur, is a settlement in North Chennai, India. It lies in the postal area of Ennore Thermal Station, with pincode 600057. It lies between Ennore and Manali. It has many industries such as ITC, Wimco etc.
Ernavoor got its name from Erneeswaran (Shiva) temple in this area. Most of the people in this settlement belong to working class employed in adjacent factories like ITC, Wimco, Ashok Leyland and Ennore Thermal Power Station.
There is a famous Murugan Temple and Selva Vinayagar temple in this area.
Saint-Hymer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Aleksey Borovtin (born 14 February 1954 in Kirov) is a Soviet ski jumper who competed from 1974 to 1981. He won two bronze medals in the individual normal hill event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships (1974, 1978).
Borovtin won the ski jumping competition at the 1977 Holmenkollen ski festival and also finished 4th in the Ski-flying World Championships that same year. He also participated in two Winter Olympics with a 15th place in the normal hill event at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck as his best result.
Pennagaram taluk is a taluk in the Dharmapuri district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Pennagaram.
Delton Township is a township in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 123 at the 2010 census.Delton Township was organized in 1872.
John A. McDougall (born May 17, 1947) is an American physician and author who is the co-founder, chairman, and sole board member of San Francisco–based Dr. McDougall's Right Foods Inc. He has written a number of diet books advocating the consumption of low-fat, starchy food. His diet—The McDougall Plan—has been described as a fad diet that carries some possible disadvantages, such as flatulence, limited food choice and poor mineral absorption from excessive fiber intake.
Evionnaz is a municipality in the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Jude (Greek: Ἰούδας Ἰακώβου translit. Ioúdas Iakóvou) was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus according to the New Testament. He is generally identified with Thaddeus (Greek: Θαδδαῖος; Coptic: ⲑⲁⲇⲇⲉⲟⲥ; Syriac/Aramaic: ܝܗܘܕܐ ܫܠܝܚܐ), and is also variously called Jude of James, Jude Thaddaeus, Judas Thaddaeus or Lebbaeus. He is sometimes identified with Jude, the brother of Jesus, but is clearly distinguished from Judas Iscariot, the apostle who betrayed Jesus prior to his crucifixion. Catholic writer Michal Hunt suggests that Judas Thaddaeus became known as Jude after early translators of the New Testament from Greek into English sought to distinguish him from Judas Iscariot and subsequently abbreviated his forename. Most versions of the New Testament in languages other than English and French refer to Judas and Jude by the same name.The Armenian Apostolic Church honors Thaddeus along with Saint Bartholomew as its patron saints. In the Roman Catholic Church, he is the patron saint of desperate cases and lost causes.Saint Jude's attribute is a club. He is also often shown in icons with a flame around his head. This represents his presence at Pentecost, when he received the Holy Spirit with the other apostles. Another common attribute is Jude holding an image of Jesus Christ, known as the Image of Edessa. In some instances, he may be shown with a scroll or a book (the Epistle of Jude) or holding a carpenter's rule.
The 1985–86 National Football League, known for sponsorship reasons as the Ford National Football League, was the 55th staging of the National Football League (NFL), an annual Gaelic football tournament for the Gaelic Athletic Association county teams of Ireland.
This is a list of famous and well-known aikido practitioners (aikidōka) sorted by area of primary residence.
Amit Nilkanth Patel MD, BS, MS is an Indian-American cardiac surgeon and was director of clinical regenerative medicine and tissue engineering at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City. He was a tenured professor of surgery - cardiothoracic at the University of Utah until December 2016.
Patel studied medicine at the Case Western Reserve University. In 2002, he led a "breakthrough" study demonstrating that stem cell transplantation could treat congestive heart failure. He is currently the national lead investigator for Aastrom Biosciences now Vericel Corp to treat cardiomyopathy both ischemic and non-ischemic using adult stem cells in the U.S. He just completed and published the largest heart failure trial for cell therapy in patients with ischemic heart failure.  The trial was published in the journal Lancet and demonstrated a 37% reduction in death and hospitalizations for patients with severe heart failure.  He is also lead investigator for a number of trials to use adult stem cells to treat limb ischemia (inadequate blood flow to the leg). He has taught many surgeons around the world in countries such as  Thailand and India. Notable patients of his include Hawaiian singer Don Ho; Ho credited Patel's 2005 procedure on him with saving his life and allowing him to return to performing after being forced into retirement for health reasons. He is currently working on programs for type 2 diabetes, burn wound therapies with the U.S. military & arteriocyte, traumatic brain injury and plastic reconstruction.  He has started collaborative programs in Peru, Argentina, Ecuador, Germany, and India. His newest program is to treat heart failure patients with one day out patient cell therapies – harvest. Patel has recently developed a stem cell spray for rapid healing of heart surgery and burns. He is also the founder of Xogenex LLC, a gene therapy company for heart failure.  The project is code-names the "Bourne-Project" because it has multiple genes to improve heart function which can be regulated and non-virally integrated into patient.    He is also the co-founder of Jadi Cell LLC which involves a novel xenofree umbilical cord stem cell which is currently being used in a number of clinical trials.
Patel was involved in a retracted study, authored with Mandeep R. Mehra and Sapan Desai, relating to using hydroxychloroquine to treat COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic, which used suspect data from Surgisphere. It was published in The Lancet which retracted it. He co-authored another COVID-19 study that also used suspect data from Surgisphere and which was retracted by New England Journal of Medicine. Patel and Desai are related by marriage. In June 2020 both journals retracted the study, and the University of Utah terminated Patel's position over the papers. Upon further independent investigation, it was determined that it was Patel that called for the retraction of both papers as he could not verify the veracity of the Surgisphere program. He had already verbally resigned from his volunteer position at the University of Utah long before the story in stat news. Dr. Richard Horton, editor in chief of The Lancet, called the paper a fabrication and "a monumental fraud". Dr. Eric Rubin, editor in chief of NEJM, said "We shouldn’t have published this".
Nada Meawad (Arabic: ندى معوض; born April 12, 1998) is an Egyptian indoor and beach volleyball player, a member of the Egypt women's national volleyball team. She made her international debut when she was 15 years old on the 2013 FIVB Volleyball Girls' U18 World Championship in Thailand. She started playing in El Shams Club at the age of five years old. Nada Meawad and her teammate Doaa Elghobashy were the first ever African team to take part in the FIVB beach volleyball Olympic Games in 2016. She is a Four-time AVCA First Team All-American and Two-time NAIA Player of the Year 2018 and 2020 while playing college volleyball at Park University.
Izsak is a small lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side, hidden from view from the Earth. It lies about half-way between the walled plains Fermi to the northeast and Milne to the southwest. Due south of Izsak is the larger crater Schaeberle. Izsak is a circular, nearly symmetric crater formation with a sharp-edged rim that has received little erosion. At the midpoint of the interior floor is a small central peak.
Morrison Crossroads (also known as Morrison Crossroad) is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Randolph County, Alabama, United States. Its population was 219 as of the 2010 census.
USS Laboon (DDG-58) is an  Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy.
She is named for Father John Francis Laboon (1921–1988), a captain in the Chaplain Corps of the United States Navy, who was awarded the Silver Star during World War II while serving on the submarine USS Peto.
The Declaration of the Republic was a constitutional declaration issued by the Revolutionary Command Council of Egypt on June 18, 1953. The purpose of this document was to begin Egypt's transition to a republic and to appoint Major General Muhammad Naguib as the republic's President.
San Bartolomé de las Abiertas is a municipality located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. As of 2010, the municipality had a population of 588 inhabitants.
General elections were held in Sweden on 18 September 1994. The Swedish Social Democratic Party remained the largest party in the Riksdag, winning 161 of the 349 seats. Led by Ingvar Carlsson, the party returned to power and formed a minority government after the election. This was the final time the Social Democrats recorded 45% of the vote before the party's vote share steeply declined four years later and never recovered. The Greens also returned to the Riksdag after a three-year absence.
The election saw the largest bloc differences for a generation, with the red-green parties making sizeable inroads into the blue heartlands of inner Småland and Western Götaland, at an even higher rate than 1988. The Social Democrats gathered more than 50% of the vote in all five northern counties, Blekinge, Södermanland, Västmanland and Örebro.In spite of the loss of power, the Moderates retained their 80 seats and gained 0.5% from 1991. Due to the sizeable losses of their coalition, the net difference between the blocs was 53, with the red-greens making up 201 and the blue parties 148.The Christian Democrats fared poorly, merely beating the threshold by 3,752 votes. New Democracy, a right-wing populist political party which had entered the Riksdag three years earlier, performed poorly, losing most of its voters and all of its seats in the Riksdag. In total the party's vote share dropped from 6.7% in 1991 to 1.2% in 1994. The election introduced an extended electoral cycle of four years, replacing the previous three-year terms.
It was also notable for being the first electoral event in the world whose official results were published live on the nascent World Wide Web (other countries had previously used the then-fledgling Internet to officially broadcast election results, but with simpler methods such as e-mail lists).
Watson Studio, formerly Data Science Experience or DSX, is IBM’s software platform for data science. The platform consists of a workspace that includes multiple collaboration and open-source tools for use in data science.In Watson Studio, a data scientist can create a project with a group of collaborators, all having access to various analytics models and using various languages (R/Python/Scala). Watson Studio brings together staple open source tools including RStudio, Spark and Python in an integrated environment, along with additional tools such as a managed Spark service and data shaping facilities, in a secure and governed environment.Watson Studio provides access to data sets that are available through Watson Data Platform, on-premises or on the cloud. The platform also has a large community and embedded resources such as articles on the latest developments from the data science world and public data sets. The platform is available in on-premises, cloud, and desktop forms.
Looking for Jackie (simplified Chinese: 寻找成龙; traditional Chinese: 尋找成龍; pinyin: Xúnzhǎo Chéng Lóng; Jyutping: Cam1 Zaau1 Sing4 Lung4) is a 2009 film directed by Gangliang Fang and Ping Jiang  and written by Xuan Hua and Jiamin Wu. It is an action and family film, which tells the story of a young boy, Zhang Yishan (Zhang Yishan), who sets on a journey to meet his idol, Jackie Chan.
The Mk 7 mine was a circular British anti-tank blast mine. It replaced the World War 2-era Mk 5 mine, and has in turn been replaced by the L9 bar mine.The Mk 7 can be laid either by hand or from a mechanical mine layer. The mine is conventional in design. It has a steel casing with a central, main fuze well, below which is a tetryl booster charge, both surrounded by the main explosive filling of TNT. The mine can be fitted with a variety of fuzes, including a double-impulse fuze (which gives it some resistance to explosive demining methods) or the L93A1 tilt-rod fuze, which gives it a full width attack capability.
The mine has a secondary fuze well for an anti-lifting device and a mechanical anti-handling device was also produced for the mine, although this is reported to have never been used. The mine is currently being phased out of service with the British army. The mine is found in Afghanistan, Angola, Cyprus, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Lebanon, Libya, Namibia, Oman, Somalia, and Zambia.
The two most modern variants of the mine, the Mk 7/4 (standard) and the Mk 7/7 (waterproof), were taken out of service by the UK by March 2003, after which disposal of existing stockpiles commenced.A Soviet-era mine was responsible for the deaths of 10 Afghan girls, aged between nine and thirteen years, in December 2012.  Two Mk7 mines were found nearby and presumed to be of the same type as the mine that exploded.
Hu Shuli (Chinese: 胡舒立; pinyin: Hú Shūlì; born 1953) is the founder and publisher of Caixin Media. She is also the professor of the School of Communication and Design at Sun Yat-sen University and the adjunct professor of the School of Journalism and Communication at Renmin University of China.The first issue of Century Weekly under the aegis of Caixin Media was published on January 4, 2010.
Hu serves as a member on the Reuters Editorial Advisory Board and a member of the International Media Council of the World Economic Forum. She is a global board member of United Way Worldwide.
Thomas Shoubridge (8 September 1868 – 22 October 1937) was an English cricketer. He was a right-arm round-arm bowler who played for Sussex. He was born in Horsham and died in Prescot.
Shoubridge made his first-class debut, however, for Liverpool and District, bowling a total of eighteen overs in the match against Yorkshire, and taking the wicket of Lord Hawke in the second innings.
While the inaugural 1890 County Championship season was well underway, Shoubridge had to wait until June before he stepped up to make his two first-class appearances—the first of which saw opponents Lancashire win by an innings margin. The second match was equally unsuccessful, with opponents Kent matching Lancashire's feat. This was to be Shoubridge's final match in the County Championship, and he would make just one further cricketing appearance, for Lancashire's Second XI.
Thyestilla is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, containing the following species:
Henry Reid is the former director of UCLA’s willed body program, who agreed to a plea deal in October 2008 for admitting his role along with a body broker to profit from lease-loaning donated anatomical material to outside corporate research interests in 2004. In 2008 Reid pleaded guilty in exchange for a four years and four months prison sentenced for illegally profiting from the lease-loan of body parts that had been donated to UCLA's Willed Body Program. Reid was ordered by Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Curtis Rappe to pay $500,000 in restitution to the David Geffen School of Medicine.
Natsuki Naito (born 24 April 1991) is a Japanese field hockey player for the Japanese national team.She participated at the 2018 Women's Hockey World Cup.
The M24 mine was a United States off-route land mine based on the M28A2 HEAT rocket normally fired by the M20 3.5 inch rocket launcher. The rocket was launched from an M143 plastic launch tube.
Tipula oropezoides is a species of large crane fly in the family Tipulidae.
The Gabriel Richard Building, also known as the Weil and Company Building, is high-rise located at 305 Michigan Avenue in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2017. The building will open as a residential apartment building known as the Gabriel Houze in late 2017.
The 1958 Oregon gubernatorial election took place on November 4, 1958. Republican nominee Mark Hatfield defeated Democratic incumbent Robert D. Holmes to win the election.
Kirit Raval (died April 26, 2005) was an Indian attorney who served as the Solicitor General of India from 2002 until 2004.  Raval served as an Additional Solicitor General of India from 1998 to 2002, when he succeeded Harish Salve as the Solicitor General.  He, in turn, was succeeded by G. E. Vahanvati beginning in 2004. He was the first Solicitor General of India to hail from the state of Gujarat. He studied management at the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad. He died of cancer on April 26, 2005.
Lydia Sklevicky (7 May 1952 – 21 January 1990) was a Croatian feminist theorist, historian and sociologist. "The first Croatian scholar to address the social history of women from a feminist perspective, Sklevicky’s contribution to the disciplines of history, sociology and anthropology was unique—in many respects unrivalled today—as was her contribution to feminism."
Housing in Florida consists of apartments, condominiums, hotels, retirement communities, and houses. Common types of housing in the state include Cracker style homes, Ranch-style homes, Caribbean style homes, and Condominiums with styles including Spanish Colonial Revival architecture, Victorian architecture,  Mediterranean Revival architecture, Art Deco, Modern architecture, and Pueblo Revival architecture.
The Men's 50 metre butterfly S7 swimming event at the 2004 Summer Paralympics was competed on 25 September. It was won by Tian Rong, representing  China.
The 1926 Tour of the Basque Country was the third edition of the Tour of the Basque Country cycle race and was held from 4 August to 8 August 1926. The race started in Bilbao and finished in Las Arenas. The race was won by Nicolas Frantz.
The Tel Aviv University Law Review (Iyunei Mishpat, Hebrew: עיוני משפט , lit: Studies in Law) is a triannual Israeli peer-reviewed law review published in Hebrew by the Tel Aviv University Faculty of Law since 1971. It is edited by students and its board consists of excelling students, three student-editors, and one editor-in-chief chosen from the faculty members. One of the three annual issues is dedicated to a specific legal topic chosen by the editors.
The Young Cartoonist of the Year Award is an annual award given by the Cartoon Museum in London in association with the British Cartoonists' Association to the best young cartoonist, in the category of Under 18 and Under 30.
The Campeonato Potiguar is the football league of the state of Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil.
Anna Georgette Gilford (born 12 March 1981), professionally known as Honey G, is an English rapper. She was a contestant on the thirteenth series of The X Factor in 2016.
Milan Medić (born 16 March 1961) is a Serbian former basketball player who played for MZT from 1982 until 1995.
The education system in Morocco comprises pre-school, primary, secondary and tertiary levels. School education is supervised by the Ministry of National Education, with considerable devolution to the regional level. Higher education falls under the Ministry of Higher Education and Executive Training.
School attendance is compulsory up to the age of 13. About 56% of young people are enrolled in secondary education, and 11% are in higher education. The government has launched several policy reviews to improve quality and access to education, and in particular to tackle a continuing problem of illiteracy. Support has been obtained from a number of international organisation such as USAID, UNICEF and the World Bank. A recent report after the new government being formed in 2017 has made Arabic as well as French Compulsory in Public School.
Şeref Çınar (born 6 September 1948) is a Turkish cross-country skier. He competed at the 1968 Winter Olympics and the 1976 Winter Olympics.
KIC 1145123 (also termed Kepler 1145123), is a star 5000 light-years from Earth. It has a mean radius of 1,500,000 kilometers.
Old Man On His Back Plateau is a small plateau in Southwestern Saskatchewan, Canada, southeast of the Hamlet of Robsart, Saskatchewan in an area known as the Old Man on His Back Prairie and Heritage Conservation Area.
Patrice Yvonne Holloway (March 23, 1951 – October 3, 2006) was an American soul and pop singer, and songwriter.
The Japanese and Manchukuoan order of battle for Operation Nekka was:
The Flight from the Enchanter is a 1956 novel by Iris Murdoch.
Binibining Pilipinas USA is a beauty pageant for Filipino American women produced by the California-based Insider Productions, LLC. Binibining Pilipinas USA is registered under US trademark number 76711504 and is not related to or affiliated with Binibining Pilipinas Charities, Inc. in the Philippines.
The pageant is a nationwide search for young women in Filipino-American communities in the United States with the beauty, grace and elegance to compete on an international level and to have the dynamic personalities and intelligence that set them apart from the rest.
In 2015, the winner of Binibining Pilipinas USA 2015 was to receive a round trip ticket to the Philippines to compete further in international pageants. The winner of the Binibining Pilipinas USA-Tourism crown was to receive a round trip ticket to the Philippines as a special Goodwill Ambassador of the Philippine Department of Tourism. The top five finalists were to receive an opportunity to sign talent development contracts with VIVA Entertainment, Inc., in the Philippines.
Coon v. Wilson, 113 U.S. 268 (1885), was a suit filed in the United States Supreme Court regarding the infringement of reissued letters patent No. 8, 169, granted to the plaintiff, Washington Wilson, as inventor, April 9, 1878, on an application therefor filed March 11, 1878, for an "improvement in collars," the original patent, No. 197,807, having been granted to him December 4, 1877.The patent was for a "standing collar" resulting in a more comfortable fit.
Rumana (Arabic: رمانة; Hebrew: רֻמָּנָה, רומאנה) is an Arab village in northern Israel. Located near Nazareth, it falls under the jurisdiction of al-Batuf Regional Council. In 2019 its population was 1,212.
All fixed commemorations below celebrated on June 27 by Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar.For June 14th, Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar commemorate the Saints listed on June 1.
A. T. M. Abdul Mateen was a Member of the 4th National Assembly of Pakistan as a representative of East Pakistan.
Luis Grijalva (born 10 April 1999) is a Guatemalan-American long-distance runner. Born in Guatemala, he attended Armijo High School in Fairfield, California, where he recorded high school personal bests of 4:02 in the mile and 8:46 for 2 miles. He became a standout runner for Northern Arizona University and qualified for the 2020 Summer Olympics in the 5000 m with his time of 13:13.14 at the 2021 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships.
Grijavala moved to the United States with his family when he was one year old. He is a DACA recipient and required an advanced re-entry permit to attend the Olympics in Tokyo.
Nomadik is a family of microprocessors for multimedia applications from STMicroelectronics. It is based on ARM9 ARM architecture and was designed specifically for mobile devices.
On December 12, 2002, STMicroelectronics and Texas Instruments jointly announced an initiative for Open Mobile Application Processor Interfaces (OMAPI) intended to be used with 2.5 and 3G mobile phones, that were going to be produced during 2003. (This was later merged into a larger initiative and renamed the MIPI alliance.) The Nomadik was STMicroelectronics' implementation of this standard.
Nomadik was first presented on October 7, 2003 in the CEATEC show in Tokyo, and later that year the Nomadik won the Microprocessor Report Analysts' Choice Award for application processors.The family was aimed at 2.5G/3G mobile phones, personal digital assistants and other portable wireless products with multimedia capability. In addition it was suitable for automotive multimedia applications. The most known device using the Nomadik processor was the Nokia N96 which used the STn8815 version of the chip. When the N96 debuted in 2008, the absence of a GPU was noticed.
Rocio Caballero (born June 1, 1964) is a Mexican figurative painter, whose works often depict mythical worlds and are noted for her use of symbolism. Her work has been exhibited individually and collectively in Mexico, the United States, South America and Europe and can be found in collections such as that of the National Museum of Mexican Art. Her work has been recognized with membership in the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.
Chris Sharp (born 1973 in Asheville, North Carolina, United States) is an American musician, guitarist, musician, singer, musician, and record musician, who participated in the Grammy Award-winning soundtrack of O Brother, Where Art Thou. He is considered to be an accomplished guitarist by very few and has advanced Lester Flatt's guitar style. Among other accomplishments, Chris has been nominated twice for a Grammy Award as a guitarist and producer and has won once. Bob Piekiel's seminal banjo instruction book describes Chris as "the cream of the crop." Willie Nelson also considers Chris to be among "the many bluegrass guitar players in existence today.
Jean-Pierre Hautier (18 October 1955 – 12 October 2012) was a Belgian television presenter and broadcaster for RTBF.Hautier was known for his long-time commentary for RTBF viewers on the Eurovision Song Contest which he has done since the 1994 Contest after the regular commentator Claude Delacroix got promoted to the head of Belgian radio. In addition Hautier has co-commentated the event with Sandra Kim at the 1996 Contest and was until his death hosting the contest with Jean-Louis Lahaye which he has done since the 2007 Contest.
Eric William Chomba (born 11 June 1988) is a Zambian football midfielder who currently plays for Nkwazi F.C..
Acropora is a genus of small polyp stony coral in the phylum Cnidaria. Some of its species are known as table coral, elkhorn coral, and staghorn coral. Over 149 species are described. Acropora species are some of the major reef corals responsible for building the immense calcium carbonate substructure that supports the thin living skin of a reef.
Watson Township is a township in Warren County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 322 at the 2000 census.
Drew Russell (born December 28, 1990) is an American soccer player who plays as a defender.
Otto A. La Budde (June 11, 1865 – October 14, 1940) was an American politician and businessman.
Born in the Town of Rhine, Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, La Budde went to Plymouth High School in Plymouth, Wisconsin. He then worked in a hardware store in Plymouth, Wisconsin. In 1884, La Budde owned and worked in a retail hardware store in the village of  Elkhart Lake, Wisconsin. La Budde was a Democrat and was chairman of the Wisconsin Democratic Party. He served as president of the village of Elkhart Lake, Wisconsin. In 1911, La Budde served in the Wisconsin State Assembly. In 1919, President Woodrow Wilson appointed La Budde customs collector for the Port of Milwaukee, Wisconsin and then, in 1933, President Franklin Roosevelt appointed La Budde internal revenue collector for Wisconsin. In 1940, La Budde died in a hospital in Milwaukee, Wisconsin after an abdominal operation on September 16, 1940.
Udmurt Vos (Udmurt: Удмурт Вӧсь, literally "Udmurt Faith") is the ethnic religious revival of the Udmurts, a Finnic people inhabiting the republic of Udmurtia in Russia. Among the Udmurts, as in other Finnic republics in the Volga region, the revival of paganism is inextricably intertwined with the revival of national-ethnic culture and awareness.The Udmurtian Pagan revival circles sprang out of the Demen (Udmurt for "Society") movement which was established in December 1989 for the protection and restoration of the Udmurt ethnic culture. Udmurt Vos as an institution was founded in 1994.According to 2012 statistics, 2% of the population of Udmurtia adheres to forms of Paganism. Victor Schnirelmann reported an adherence of 4% for the Udmurts alone.
The Kommando Territoriale Aufgaben der Bundeswehr short (KdoTerrAufgBw) "Bundeswehr Territorial Tasks Command" of the Bundeswehr is based in the Julius-Leber- Kaserne (Barracks)  in Berlin-Wedding was founded in 2013 and is in charge of all territorial tasks of the forces as well as for the support of the civil administration.
Arthur William Saha (October 31, 1923 – November 19, 1999) was an American speculative fiction editor and anthologist, closely associated with publisher Donald A. Wollheim.
Christian County is located in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2010 census, its population was 77,422. Its county seat is Ozark. The county was organized in 1859 and is named after William Christian, a Kentucky soldier of the American Revolutionary War.Christian County is part of the Springfield, MO Metropolitan Statistical Area. Between 2000 and 2010, it was the fastest-growing county in the state and one of the fastest growing ones in the nation as the county became more suburban due to the booming growth in Springfield.
The 2001 New Zealand rugby union tour was a series of matches played in November–December 2001 in Ireland, Scotland and Argentina by New Zealand national rugby union team. This was iconically former All Blacks captain and most test capped player in history Richie McCaw's debut series for the New Zealand national rugby union team.
The East Suburban Catholic Conference (ESCC) is an athletic conference consisting of 10 Catholic high schools in the suburbs of Chicago, Illinois (though despite its name, two schools are located in the city itself).  The conference became independent in 1974.
While originally only supporting competition in men's sports, the conference began supporting women's athletics in 1991.  Today, there are eleven women's teams and ten men's teams.
Despite not being as old as other conferences, and not having any women's sports until relatively recent history, the teams in the conference have finished in the top four of Illinois High School Association (IHSA) sponsored state tournaments 76 times in nine different sports.
Magadan Nature Reserve (Russian: Магаданский заповедник) (also Magadansky) is a Russian zapovednik (strict nature reserve) located in four different sectors across the Magadan region of the Russian Far East, including the northern shore of the Sea of Okhotsk.  All sites are far away from each other, have different climates, topography, flora and fauna, and no settlements or transportation routes.  On the streams of the territory are some of the largest undisturbed spawning sites of the chum and coho salmon.  One sector, Yamskogo Island, is home to colonies of sea birds, with a total of up to 6 million individual birds.   These include Auklets-crumbs, guillemot, spectacled guillemots, lund, and the horned puffin.  The reserve is situated in the Olsky District of Magadan Oblast. Recently, the reserve has experimented with very limited cruise ship visits (under 200 passengers) to one of the islands, and plans are being studied for ways to increase educational eco-tourism in the highly inaccessible area.
Norman Brookes won in the final 6–1, 6–2, 6–3 against Horace Rice to win the Men's Singles tennis title at the 1911 Australasian Championships.
Rodney Heath was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Norman Brookes.
Alone for the First Time is the second solo studio album by Canadian record producer Ryan Hemsworth. It was released on Last Gang Records and Secret Songs on November 4, 2014. Music videos were created for "Snow in Newark", "Too Long Here", and "Surrounded". The album was nominated for the 2015 Juno Award for Electronic Album of the Year.
Copălău is a commune in Botoșani County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Cerbu, Copălău, and Cotu. It included four other villages until 2003, when these were detached to form Coșula commune.
KDKJ-LD, virtual and UHF digital channel 27, is a low-powered Estrella TV-affiliated television station licensed to Tyler, Texas, United States. Owned by HC2 Holdings, it is a sister station to KPKN-LD (channel 33).
Rosario Vera Peñaloza is a department of the province of La Rioja (Argentina).
Yorketown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) within Manalapan Township, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. At the 2010 census, the CDP's population was 6,535.
The women's suffrage movement in Washington was part of the broader Women's suffrage movement in the United States. In the state of Washington, women gained and lost the right to vote repeatedly in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
The first champion of women's suffrage in Washington Territory was Arthur A. Denny who introduced a bill to the lower house of the territory in 1854, but it lost 8 to 9.After the loss, the subject went silent for 12 years, until 1866 when the election code used language that could allow for women to vote, because it simply stated that "all white citizens" could vote, Edward Eldridge stood on the house floor and stated that this interpretation included women. For a while many agreed with Eldridge's statement until Mary Olney Brown attempted to cast her vote in Olympia in 1869 and was turned away and told she was not a citizen, in 1870 she tried again and was again denied. At the same time that she was trying to cast her ballot, her sister, Charlotte Olney French and seven other women in 
Harry Morgan of Tacoma was a saloon owner who wanted to make sure that women had no vote, because he feared what they would do for his type of business. He was the backer of the case Harland V. Territory which was the first  to officially deny women the right to vote. George Turner was a powerful voice in this case, because he argued that women should not be allowed on a jury, and that suffrage allowed them to do so, and that they needed to reverse women's suffrage to keep them off the jury.Another case that kept the right to vote from Washington from was the Nevada Bloomer case. Nevada Bloomer was the wife of a Spokane saloon owner, who cared little about women's suffrage, but was a very dutiful wife. Her husband along with some local judges, devised a plan in which they would send Nevada to vote and then turn her away so that she could bring her case to the supreme court. The movement would do a lot to support the Bloomer case, although Nevada never had any intention of actually pursuing real action; the case was simply a diversion to keep the issue tied up in the courts and stop women from voting for prohibition.
SmugMug is a paid image sharing, image hosting service, and online video platform on which users can upload photos and videos. The company also facilitates the sale of digital and print media for amateur and professional photographers. On April 20, 2018, SmugMug purchased Flickr from Oath Inc.
The Kivung movement ("Meeting") is a millenarian movement sometimes called a cargo cult practiced among the villagers in the Baining and Pomio areas in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea.
Song Wan (Chinese: 宋琬; pinyin: Sòng Wǎn; Wade–Giles: Sung Wan; 1614–1673), also known as Song Lichang, courtesy name Yushu (Chinese: 玉叔; pinyin: Yùshū), was a Chinese poet and government official active during the early Qing dynasty. The son of a Ming loyalist, Song was a high-flying Qing official and well-regarded poet. Regarded as one of the "eight great Qing-dynasty poets", he died in 1673 at age 59.
"I Get Weak" is a song recorded by American rock singer Belinda Carlisle for her second studio album Heaven on Earth (1987). The song was written by Diane Warren and produced by Rick Nowels, and was released as the second single from the Heaven on Earth album on February 15, 1988.
"I Get Weak" reached number two on the US Billboard Hot 100 behind Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up", and number ten on the UK Singles Chart in 1988. It also reached number four in Canada.
A package of constitutional reforms proposed by the Constitutional Council was held in the Marshall Islands in April 1995. In 1994 the Nitijela voted to create a Constitutional Council which would propose a raft of constitutional changes and reforms.  The Council submitted thirty-five proposals, each of which had to attain a two-thirds majority of valid votes in order to pass.  Turnout was low at 33%, and only a measure establishing the Marshallese language version of the constitution passed.  All other proposals failed to reach the two-thirds bar, and thus failed.
Pierre Bilger (May 27, 1940 – March 4, 2011) was a French high-ranking civil servant and businessman. He was a tax inspector and advisor to several ministers. He served as the chief executive officer of Alstom from 1991 to 2003.
Cline Falls is a 20 ft-high (6.1 m) segmented steep cascade waterfall on the Deschutes River. It is approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Redmond, Oregon, United States. The waterfall is named for Cass A. Cline, who owned the land adjacent to the falls in the early 20th century. The falls occur just north of the point where Oregon Route 126 crosses the Deschutes River. The riparian area around Cline Falls provides habitat for a variety of fish and wildlife species.
Louis Stephen St. Laurent  (Saint-Laurent or St-Laurent in French, baptized Louis-Étienne St-Laurent; February 1, 1882 – July 25, 1973) was a Canadian lawyer and politician who served as the 12th prime minister of Canada from 1948 to 1957.
Born and raised in southeastern Quebec, St. Laurent was a leading lawyer and a supporter of the Liberal Party of Canada. In February 1942, he entered politics as he won a by-election in the riding of Quebec East and immediately became minister of justice under Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King. In September 1946, St. Laurent became secretary of state for external affairs and served in that post until two years later, when he became leader of the Liberal Party and prime minister, succeeding King who retired. St. Laurent carried the party to back-to-back landslide majority governments in the federal elections of 1949 and 1953.
The second French Canadian to hold the office, St. Laurent strongly advocated against communism, and was an enthusiastic proponent of Canada joining NATO in 1949 to fight the spread of the ideology. His government also contributed troops to the Korean War. At home, St. Laurent's government introduced the registered retirement savings plan (RRSP) and oversaw the construction of the Trans-Canada Highway, St. Lawrence Seaway, and Trans-Canada Pipeline. St. Laurent earned the nickname "Uncle Louis" as he was quite popular among the general public throughout his tenure, and the popularity of his government led many to predict that he'd easily win the 1957 federal election. However, his decision to rush the 1956 debate on the Trans-Canada Pipeline by invoking cloture led some to believe that the Liberals had become arrogant from their two decades in power, and in a major upset, the party was narrowly defeated by John Diefenbaker's Progressive Conservatives, ending nearly 22 years of Liberal rule. Shortly after his defeat, St. Laurent retired from politics and returned back to his law practice. He is ranked highly among analysts and the public, not least because of his progressive programs and fiscally responsible policies that helped shape post-war Canada. According to historian Donald Creighton, he was an "eminently moderate, cautious...man...and a strong Canadian nationalist."
Steven Nicolas Romero (June 21, 1955 – September 2, 1985) was an American professional wrestler better known by his ring name Jay Youngblood. He wrestled in the National Wrestling Alliance's Jim Crockett Promotions in a tag team with Ricky Steamboat. In addition, he wrestled with Championship Wrestling from Florida, Pacific Northwest Wrestling, NWA All-Star Wrestling and the American Wrestling Association.
Safwa (Arabic: صفوى, ٍSafwa) is a city in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia situated on the Persian Gulf coast. Safwa has a population of about 100,000 people.
Safwa has a few government departments, public utilities, educational institutions and one health care center. People in Safwa work in various sectors such as; education, health care, banking, mining, oil and gas, and commerce. The city includes one of the most organized neighborhoods in the eastern region, Al-Zahra neighborhood (Urouba), which has more than 1,200 residential units and an area of 336 hectares.
Stuart Fratkin (born September 22, 1963) is an American actor, best known for playing Fitz in the movie Ski School. Fratkin also starred in They Came from Outer Space with Ski School co-star Dean Cameron.
Fratkin has been in several movies, including Godzilla, Prehysteria! and Teen Wolf Too.
Fratkin has guest starred on many television series over a 20-year career, including Melrose Place, Friends, The Golden Girls, Baywatch, Baywatch Nights, Touched by an Angel and NYPD Blue.
NEC Corporation of America is the principal subsidiary of the multinational IT company NEC in the United States.
NEC Corporation of America was formed on July 1, 2006, from the combined operations of NEC America, NEC Solutions (America) and NEC USA.
In enzymology, a sphinganine-1-phosphate aldolase (EC 4.1.2.27) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
   phosphoethanolamine + palmitaldehydeHence, this enzyme has one substrate, sphinganine 1-phosphate, and two products, phosphoethanolamine and palmitaldehyde.
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically the aldehyde-lyases, which cleave carbon-carbon bonds.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is sphinganine-1-phosphate palmitaldehyde-lyase (phosphoethanolamine-forming). Other names in common use include dihydrosphingosine 1-phosphate aldolase, sphinganine-1-phosphate alkanal-lyase, sphinganine-1-phosphate lyase, and sphinganine-1-phosphate palmitaldehyde-lyase.  This enzyme participates in sphingolipid metabolism.  It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
The Australian Universities Quality Agency (AUQA) was established in 2000, and was the government body responsible for providing audit of higher education institutions in Australia. AUQA was jointly established in 2000 as an independent quality agency by Federal, State & Territory Governments through the Ministerial Council for Education, Employment and Youth Affairs (MCEETYA). AUQA was in some respects a successor to the Committee for Quality Assurance in Higher Education (CQAHE)(1992-1995) and the Commonwealth Tertiary Education Commission (CTEC) that came before it (1977-1988).AUQA was dissolved in 2011 and its functions were transferred to the Tertiary Education Quality and Standards Agency (TEQSA).. TEQSA's implementation reflects a move away from the 'fitness-for-purpose' approach employed by AUQA to one premised on regulation and risk.
Jody Dean (born 1959) is an American journalist and author and a member of the Texas Radio Hall of Fame. During his career, Dean has worked with, interviewed, or performed with thousands of public figures, actors, musicians, authors, artists, and comics.
"What a Wonderful World" is a song  written by Bob Thiele (as "George Douglas") and George David Weiss. It was first recorded by Louis Armstrong and released in 1967 as a single, which topped the pop charts in the United Kingdom, though it performed poorly in the United States because Larry Newton, the president of ABC Records, disliked the song and refused to promote it.
After appearing in the film Good Morning, Vietnam, the song was re-released as a single in 1988, and it rose to number 32 on the Billboard Hot 100. Armstrong's recording was inducted in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999. The publishing for this song is controlled by Concord, BMG Rights Management and Carlin America.
Jane Barnell  (January 3, 1879 – July 21, 1945) was an American bearded lady who worked in circus sideshows, dime museums and carnivals, who used various stage names including Princess Olga, Madame Olga and  Lady Olga. In her only film role in Tod Browning's cult classic Freaks, using the sideshow stage name Olga Roderick, she was billed as the "Bearded Lady".
Wang Guxiang (Wang Ku-hsiang, traditional: 王谷祥, simplified: 王谷祥); ca. 1501-1568 was a Chinese landscape painter during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Wang was born in Changzhou in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Luzhi' and his sobriquet was 'Youshi'. Wang specialized in landscapes and bird-and-flower paintings.
Kishori Sinha (25 March 1925 – 19 December 2016) was an Indian politician, social activist, a lifelong advocate of women's empowerment and a former two-term Member of Parliament from the Vaishali constituency. She was married to the former Chief Minister of Bihar Satyendra Narayan Sinha, who was a seven-term Member of Parliament, from the constituency of Aurangabad. Her son Nikhil Kumar had served as the Governor of Kerala and Governor of Nagaland.
Rivermead Golf Club is a private, 18 hole golf club in Aylmer, Quebec (now part of Gatineau).  It is located 10 minutes from downtown Gatineau/Ottawa and is one of the oldest clubs in the National Capital Region.  In 2010, the club celebrated its centennial anniversary.
Pierre Sauvage is a French/American documentary filmmaker and lecturer, who was a child survivor of the Holocaust and a child of Holocaust survivors. Described by Tablet Magazine in 2012 as "a filmmaker of rare moral perception", Sauvage is the President of the Chambon Foundation, which he founded in 1982. A 501(c)3 nonprofit public charity, the Chambon Foundation was the first educational foundation committed to "exploring and communicating the necessary and challenging lessons of hope intertwined with the Holocaust's unavoidable lessons of despair." In 2005, the Varian Fry Institute was established as a division of the Chambon Foundation; its specific focus is on America and the Holocaust.
Creepshow is a 1982 American horror comedy anthology film directed by George A. Romero and written by Stephen King, making this film his screenwriting debut. The film's ensemble cast includes Hal Holbrook, Adrienne Barbeau, Fritz Weaver, Leslie Nielsen, Carrie Nye, E. G. Marshall, and Viveca Lindfors as well as King himself (King's acting debut actually came a year prior in the Romero film Knightriders). The film was primarily shot on location in Pittsburgh and its suburbs, including Monroeville, where Romero leased an old boys academy (Penn Hall) to build extensive sets for the film.
Creepshow consists of five short stories: "Father's Day", "The Lonesome Death of Jordy Verrill" (based on the King short story "Weeds"), "Something to Tide You Over", "The Crate" and "They're Creeping Up on You!" Two of these stories were adapted from King's short stories, with the film bookended by prologue and epilogue scenes featuring a young boy named Billy (played by King's son, Joe), who is punished by his abusive father for reading horror comics.
Creepshow is an homage to the EC horror comics of the 1950s, such as Tales from the Crypt, The Vault of Horror and The Haunt of Fear. In order for the film to give viewers a comic book feel, Romero hired long-time effects specialist Tom Savini to replicate comic-like effects.
The film earned $21,028,755 in the United States. It was followed by a 1987 sequel, Creepshow 2, directed by the first film's cinematographer, Michael Gornick, written by Romero and based on stories by King. A second sequel, Creepshow 3, was released in 2006, without involvement from either Romero or King.
The Wales Act 1978 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended to introduce a limited measure of self-government in Wales through the creation of a Welsh Assembly. The act never took effect as a result of the "no" vote in 1979 Welsh devolution referendum and was repealed in 1979.
Olav Dalsøren (born 8 September 1938) is a Norwegian ice hockey player. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and  participated at the Winter Olympics in 1964 and in 1968. He was awarded Gullpucken as best Norwegian ice hockey player in 1968.
Mars 7 (Russian: Марс-7), also known as 3MP No.51P was a Soviet spacecraft launched in 1973 to explore Mars. A 3MP bus spacecraft which comprised the final mission of the Mars programme, it consisted of a lander and a coast stage with instruments to study Mars as it flew past. Due to a malfunction, the lander failed to perform a maneuver necessary to enter the Martian atmosphere, missing the planet and remaining in heliocentric orbit along with the coast stage.
Puuhamaa (Finnish pronunciation: [ˈpuːhɑˌmɑː]) is an amusement park opened in 1984 in the village of Tervakoski, in the municipality of Janakkala, Finland. Like Mikkeli's Visulahti, instead of electrical rides, it mainly offers things to do for children: slides and waterslides, bouncy castles, race tracks, etc. It also has a minigolf course and a video arcade. Its attendance peaks at roughly 5,000 children a day. The park has an entrance fee, but all its features are free.
Josué González Cortes (born 9 July 1988) is a Costa Rican cyclist, who is suspended from the sport, after an adverse analytical finding for ostarine at the 2015 Vuelta Ciclista a Costa Rica.
Whatever I Say Means I Love You is the fifth studio album released by American country artist Donna Fargo. The album was released in July 1975 on Dot Records and was produced by Stan Silver. It was Fargo's final album for the Dot label and produced four singles between 1975 and 1976 that each charted on the Billboard country music chart.
Camp Davies was a U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) logistics base located on the Saigon River 2 miles (3.2 km) east of Saigon in southern Vietnam.
Vira (French pronunciation: ​[viʁa]; Occitan: Viran) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Jasmin Šćuk (born 14 July 1990) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for Turkish club Altay.
Clare Carey (born June 11, 1967) is an American film and television actress, best known for her role as Kelly Fox in Coach (1989-1995), Mary Bailey in Jericho (2006-2008), and her film role in Savannah Sunrise (2016).
The Elfriede Grünberg Prize has been conferred annually since 2000 by the Austrian Welser Initiative Against Fascism for merits in the fight against Nazism. The award was named after the Holocaust victim Elfriede Grünberg.
The Kabaria, sometimes pronounced as Kabariya  are a Muslim community found in the state of  Uttar Pradesh in  India, mainly in the Awadh region.  A small number of Kabaria are also found in the Terai region of Nepal. They now have Other Backward Class status in Uttar Pradesh.
Ingebrigt Davik (1925–1991), Norwegian teacher, children's writer, broadcasting personality, singer and songwriter
Ingebrigt Håker Flaten (born 1971), Norwegian bassist active in the jazz and free jazz genres
Ingebrigt S. Sørfonn (born 1950), Norwegian politician representing the Christian People's Party
Ingebrigt Steen Jensen (born 1955), Norwegian writer, consultant, advertising man and football enthusiast
Yamal-601 (Russian: Ямал-601) is a Russian geostationary communications satellite ordered by Gazprom Space Systems from Thales Alenia Space (TAS) on the Spacebus-4000C4 satellite bus for its Yamal programme. The satellite has mass of 5,422 kg (11,953 lb) and 11 kW of payload power with over 15 years of design life. Its payload was also supplied by Thales Alenia Space and is composed of 38 C-band and 32 Ka-band transponders. It replaced Yamal-202 on 49° East as Yamal-202 was slated to reach its end of service around 2019.
The Liechtenstein Museum is a private art museum in Vienna, Austria. It contains much of the art collection of its owners, the Princely Family of Liechtenstein, rulers of the principality of Liechtenstein. It includes important European works of art, forming one of the world's leading private art collections. Its highlight used to be Leonardo da Vinci's portrait of Ginevra de' Benci, which was acquired in 1967 by the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.The museum, which was originally open to the public from the early 19th century until the Anschluss of 1938, had various locations, including the Liechtenstein Garden Palace (Gartenpalais) at Fürstengasse 1 in Vienna's 9th District (Alsergrund), and the Liechtenstein City Palace (Stadtpalais) at Bankgasse 9 in Vienna's 1st District (Innere Stadt). The museum was reopened on 29 March 2004 in the Garden Palace, but after battling with low visitor numbers, it was closed for regular visiting by the public in November 2011. According to the official website of the Garden Palace, "the highlights of the princely collections can be viewed exclusively as part of an event package or a pre-booked guided tour".Objects from the collection have been sent on touring exhibitions to museums in other countries, especially the United States.  In particular, displays are regularly mounted at the Kunstmuseum Liechtenstein in Vaduz, which is otherwise a gallery for a modern art collection donated to the principality of Liechtenstein by the ruling family. Other works from the collection fill the palaces and residences of the Princely Family in Liechtenstein and Austria.
A catalogue of the artists (with short biographies) featured in the gallery at the time of Prince Joseph Wenzel was compiled by Vicenzo Fanti in 1767.
The Hemlock Stone or Himlack Stone is an inselberg on Stapleford Hill at Stapleford, Nottinghamshire, England.
Clifton Bertrand (2 March 1936 – 28 November 2020) was a Trinidadian sprinter.
Jacques Mézard (born 3 December 1947) is a French lawyer and politician of the Radical Party of the Left who has been serving as a member of the Constitutional Council since 2019. He previously served as Minister of Agriculture and Food in 2017 and Minister of Territorial Cohesion from 2017 to 2018. A member of the Radical Party of the Left (PRG), he was a Senator representing the Cantal department from 2008 to 2017 and again from 2018 until 2019.
Neoregelia ruschii is a species in the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
The Big 8 (previously the Big 7) are a group of newsgroup hierarchies established after the Great Renaming, a restructuring of Usenet that took place in 1987. These hierarchies are managed by the Big 8 Management Board. Groups are added through a process of nomination, discussion and voting.
Richard Vásquez Jiménez is the most senior officer in the Dominican Air Force.
On January 8, 2020, he was appointed Chief of the Dominican Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Varanasi, also known as Kashi, is considered as the religious capital of Hinduism. In the Hindu faith, it is the holiest of all of its cities; the four dhams (abode of gods) in the four cardinal directions of the country – Badrinath in the north, Puri in the east, Dwarka in the west and Rameshwaram in the south – are all represented in the city in "archetypal forms" as the presiding deities at Badrinath Ghat, Assi's Jagannath Temple area, Shankudhara Pokhra, and Mir Ghat respectively. Other Hindu holy places, such as the Kedarnath at Kedar Ghat, Mathura at Bakaruia Kund or Nakhi Ghat, Prayagraj (Allahadbad) at Dashahvamedha Ghat, Kamakhya (Assam) at Kamachha, Kurukshetra at Kurkukshetra Kund near Asi, and Lake Manasarovar at Mansarovar near Shyameshvara are a part of the city's religious and cultural heritage.In the sacred geography of India Varanasi is known as the "microcosm of India". In addition to its 3,300 Hindu religious places, Varanasi has 12 churches, three Jain mandirs, nine Buddhist shrines, three Gurdwaras (Sikh shrines), and 1,388 Muslim holy places.
USS Jouett (DLG-29) was a  Belknap-class cruiser laid down 25 September 1962 by Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, Bremerton, Washington; launched 30 June 1964; sponsored by Mrs. S. J. Ervin, Jr., wife of the Senator from North Carolina; and commissioned 3 December 1966, Captain Robert S. Hayes in command. She was named after RADM James Edward JouettUpon completion of fitting out in February 1967, Jouett was assigned to Cruiser-Destroyer Force, U.S. Pacific Fleet, and operated out of her homeport, San Diego.
Reclassified as a guided-missile cruiser, CG-29, on 30 June 1975, Jouett was decommissioned and stricken from the Navy Register on 28 January 1994 at San Diego. She was transferred 30 March the same year to the Maritime Administration, she was laid up at the Suisun Bay, CA reserve.
On 10 August 2007, she was towed to the Pacific to perform her last service; she was sunk as a target ship as part of Exercise Valiant Shield 2007. She sank at 11°16′00″N 143°53′00″E, at a depth of 7,500 metres.
The ship's bell is currently found outside the entrance to the Navy Entomology Center of Excellence Naval Air Station in Jacksonville, Florida. The bell is on loan from the Navy History and Heritage Command.
Cheliya is one of the Aanaas in the Oromia of Ethiopia. Part of the West Shewa Zone, Cheliya is bordered on the south by Nono and Dano, on the southwest by the Gibe River which separates it from the Jimma Zone, on the west by Bako Tibe, on the northwest by the Guder River which separates it from the Horo Gudru Welega Zone, on the north by Ginde Beret, on the northeast by Jeldu, on the east by Ambo, and on the southeast by Tikur. The administrative center of this Aanaa is Gedo; other towns in Cheliya include Babiche, Ejaji, and Hamus Gebeya. Midakegn woreda was separated form Cheliya.
The Beretta Px4 Storm is a semi-automatic pistol manufactured by Beretta of Italy and intended for personal defense and law enforcement use. The Px4 uses the same short-recoil, rotating barrel action as the Beretta 8000 and uses the same trigger and safety system as the Beretta 92, while being completely different in design from either.
Light-weight polymer construction with steel inserts, a modular trigger group, fully enclosing slide, Picatinny rail, and changeable backstrap options for the grip are a radical departure from previous Beretta designs.
Palathali is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. It is also known as "Durkkai Amman Kovil" due to the temple which is located there. Agriculture is the main activity, which is extensively done in "muppogam" (முப்போகம் ) three times a year. This place depends on "Kaveri" river water and borewells for farming rice. Rice cultivation is the main agricultural activity. Many people go abroad for work.
Kovpyn Stavok (Ukrainian: Ковпин Ставок) is a village (selo) in Zolochiv Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine. It belongs to Brody urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine.From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
Until 18 July 2020, Kovpyn Stavok belonged to Brody Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Lviv Oblast to seven. The area of Brody Raion was merged into Zolochiv Raion.
Hodíškov is a village and municipality (obec) in Žďár nad Sázavou District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
The municipality covers an area of 5.13 square kilometres (1.98 sq mi), and has a population of 148 (as at 3 Jan. 1, 2010).
Hodíškov lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Žďár nad Sázavou, 35 km (22 mi) east of Jihlava, and 134 km (83 mi) south-east of Prague.
Rancho Los Carneros was a 1,629-acre (6.59 km2) Mexican land grant in present day Monterey County, California given in 1842 by Governor Juan B. Alvarado to María Antonia Linares.  The name means "sheep". The grant was near the San Benito County, California line and south of Rancho Cañada de la Carpenteria.
Lake Placid: Legacy is a 2018 American-South African made-for-television horror film directed by Darrell Roodt and stars Katherine Barrell, Tim Rozon, Sai Bennett and Joe Pantoliano. It premiered on Syfy on May 28, 2018 and is the sixth and final installment in the Lake Placid film series, which is also considered a reboot. The film has its own story that tells the origin of how the crocodiles got to be in Lake Placid.
He was the one of the first lawyers to win the João Lopes Cardoso Award, and as a writer he debuted in 2011 with the novel A Manhã do Mundo (literally The Morning of the World).Pedro Guilherme-Moreira was born in Porto in the summer of 1969 and graduated from the University of Coimbra.In 1999, after turning 30, his article As novas tecnologias ao serviço do advogado (The new technologies serving the lawyer) was published in the "Revista da Ordem dos Advogados", the Portuguese Bar Association's magazine. For this work, Guilherme-Moreira would be one of the first to receive the João Lopes Cardoso Award, established in honor of the lawyer from Porto, by the Porto District Council of the Portuguese Bar Association. This award honors the work presented by the interns at the end of the internship, being in this case published in book in 2002, released by Almedina.In May 2011, Guilherme-Moreira published his first book: the novel A Manhã do Mundo (literally The Morning of the World), with seal of Publicações Dom Quixote, a book based around the September 11 attacks.
Anal cancer is a cancer which arises from the anus, the distal opening of the gastrointestinal tract. Symptoms may include bleeding from the anus or a lump near the anus. Other symptoms may include pain, itchiness, or discharge from the anus. A change in bowel movements may also occur.Risk factors include human papillomavirus (HPV), HIV/AIDS, receptive anal sex, smoking, and many sexual partners. Anal cancer is typically a squamous cell carcinoma. Other types include adenocarcinoma, small cell carcinoma, and melanoma. Diagnosis is suspected based on physical examination and confirmed by tissue biopsy.Prevention includes avoiding risk factors and HPV vaccination. Standard treatment may include radiation therapy, chemotherapy, and surgery. About 8,300 people are diagnosed a year in the United States, representing about 0.5% of new cancers. Onset is typically after the age of 45. Women are affected more often than men. The number of cases has increased since the 1990s. The five-year survival rate in the United States is 68%.
The knockout stage of the 2009 CAF Champions League was played from 4 October to 7 November 2009.
Amara plebeja  is a species of ground beetle native to Europe.
Sliding is a type of frictional motion between two surfaces in contact. This can be contrasted to rolling motion. Both types of motion may occur in bearings.
The relative motion or tendency toward such motion between two surfaces is resisted by friction. Friction may damage or 'wear' the surfaces in contact. However, wear can be reduced by lubrication. The science and technology of friction, lubrication, and wear is known as 
Sliding may occur between two objects of arbitrary shape, whereas rolling friction is the frictional force associated with the rotational movement of a somewhat disclike or other circular object along a surface.  Generally, the frictional force of rolling friction is less than that associated with sliding kinetic friction.  Typical values for the coefficient of rolling friction are less than that of sliding friction.  Correspondingly sliding friction typically produces greater sound and thermal bi-products.  One of the most common examples of sliding friction is the movement of braking motor vehicle tires on a roadway, a process which generates considerable heat and sound, and is typically taken into account in assessing the magnitude of roadway noise pollution.
Francesco Londonio (Milan, 1723 – Milan, 1783) was an Italian painter, engraver, and scenographer, active mainly in Milan in a late-Baroque or Rococo style.
Londonio trained as a painter under Ferdinando Porta and Giovanni Battista Sassi in Milan, but traveled to Rome and Naples. He studied engraving with Benigno Bossi. He is best known for his paintings and etchings of rustic and pastoral landscapes and subjects, with both animals and peasants playing a dominating role over the landscape. This focus on genre themes was popular among the wealthy patrons of the time, specially in Northern Italy; and artists such as the Brescian painters Ceruti and Cifrondi worked with such themes. In his engravings, he recalls Gaetano Zompini.
Londonio is also known for his scenography. An example, of this poorly conserved art form that still exists is a nativity scene on cut wooden shapes for the church of San Marco in Milan. The effect is a cheaper version of the naturalistic Sacri Monti scenes, which had been painted stucco statuary. It also can be seen as a cross between the holy scenes described above, and the theatrical set pieces, for example, those needed for the newly founded La Scala theater. The work at San Marco prompted Empress Maria Theresa of Austria appointed Londonio as art designer for La Scala.
Great Guitars was a supergroup formed by jazz guitarists Charlie Byrd, Herb Ellis, and Barney Kessel in 1973.The trio performed intermittently from 1973 and released several live albums: Great Guitars (1975), Great Guitars 2 (1976), Great Guitars at the Winery (1980), Great Guitars: Straight Tracks (1991), Return of the Great Guitars (1996), Great Guitars Concord Jazz (2005). After a stroke ended Kessel's career in 1992, Ron Escheté, Mundell Lowe, Larry Coryell, and Tal Farlow variously joined Byrd and Ellis in later concerts.
Nikolay Alexandrovich Bestuzhev (Russian: Николай Александрович Бестужев; 13 April 1791, Saint Petersburg – 27 May 1855, Novoselenginsk) was a Russian Navy officer, writer, inventor and portrait artist; associated with the Decembrist revolt.
Roundtop Mountain is a stratovolcano located on the Aleutian island of Unimak in the U.S. state of Alaska. Its last eruption was sometime between 9,100 and 10,000 years ago. This geographic feature was first called "Dome" in 1897 by Lieutenant Commander J. F. Moser, of the U.S. Navy. Its name was reported as "Round Top" by the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey in 1902. Isanotski Peaks, the nearest higher neighbor, is positioned 5.9 mi (9 km) to the west-southwest.
Bandau is a village and a former municipality in the district Altmarkkreis Salzwedel, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it is part of the municipality Beetzendorf.
A lateral motion device is a mechanism used in some railroad locomotives which permits the axles to move sideways relative to the frame. The device facilitates cornering.
MRT 1 (MPT 1)  is a television station in North Macedonia owned and operated by Macedonian Radio-Television.
The Scranton Times-Tribune is a morning newspaper serving the Scranton, Pennsylvania, area. It is the flagship title of Times-Shamrock Communications and has been run by three generations of the Lynett-Haggerty family. On Sundays, the paper is published as The Sunday Times. The paper has an average circulation of 47,663.
Courtney Love (born September 28, 1994) is an American football coach and former linebacker who is currently the director of player development for the University of Kentucky's football team. He also played college football at Kentucky, where he was the recipient of the Wuerffel Trophy in 2017.
Bereket, formerly Gazanjyk or Kazandzhik (Russian: Казанджик or Turkmen: Газанҗык gɑˈzɑnd͡ʒik), is a city in Balkan Province in western Turkmenistan. Bereket is the administrative centre of Bereket District.
Bereket is located in an oasis in the foothills of the Kopetdag Mountains and on the edge of the Karakum Desert.
Bereket is a strategic junction of the Trans-Caspian Railway (Caspian Sea-Turkmenistan-Uzbekistan-Kazakhstan) and North-South Transnational Railway (Russia-Kazakhstan-Turkmenistan-Iran-Persian Gulf.The city has a large locomotive repair depot and a modern railway station.
The city is located approximately 260 km (162 mi) west of the Turkmen capital of Ashgabat and 340 km (211 mi) east of the Caspian Sea port of Turkmenbashy. The  largest cities nearby are Balkanabat 120 km (75 mi) to the west, and Serdar 90 km (56 mi) to the east.
The estimated population of the city is 24,500 as of March 2015.
Trzaskowo [tʂasˈkɔvɔ] (German: Brachfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonak, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Czerwonak and 17 km (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Ellen Margaret Scanlan  (15 January 1882 – 5 October 1968) was a New Zealand journalist and novelist. Her most famous novels were the Pencarrow series of four novels, published between 1932 and 1939.
The Zoya Factor is a 2019 Indian romantic comedy sports film directed by Abhishek Sharma and produced by Fox Star Studios, Pooja Shetty and Aarrti Shetty, with Shah Rukh Khan serving as narrator. Starring Dulquer Salmaan and Sonam Kapoor. The film is a light adaptation of Anuja Chauhan's 2008 novel of the same name, which follows the story of a girl, Zoya Solanki, who becomes a lucky charm for the Indian Cricket team during the 2011 Cricket World Cup, and the team captain Nikhil Khoda who doesn't believe in luck and superstitions.
John Leslie Cooper (born 16 December 1933) is a retired British Anglican priest. He was a senior clergyman in the Anglican Diocese of Birmingham in the last quarter of the 20th century, serving as Archdeacon of Aston from 1982 to 1990.Cooper was educated at Tiffin School and Chichester Theological College. After National Service in the Royal Artillery he was a management trainee with GEC. Aftyer ordination he was Assistant Curate at All Saints, Kings Heath from 1962 to 1965. He was then a Prison Chaplain from 1965 until 1972. He was Priest in charge of St Paul's, Balsall Heath from 1973 to 1982. He was Archdeacon of Aston from 1982 to 1990; and then of Coleshill until 1993. Finally he was an Assistant Curate at Holy Trinity, Sutton Coldfield from 1993 to 1996.
Billboard Girl is a 1932 Educational-Mack Sennett Featurette (No. S2709) starring Bing Crosby and directed by Leslie Pearce. This was the fourth of the six short films Crosby made for Mack Sennett and which helped launch his career as a solo performer.
Imbricatea is a class of Rhizaria characterised by silica scales. It is sometimes described as "Imbricatea/Silicofilosea", due to the similarity of those two groupings. Imbricatea is divided into the orders Euglyphida and Thaumatomonadida.
Alex Woodward (born 11 June 1993) is a professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He attended Mazenod College.
Ehsan Pirhadi (Persian: احسان پیرهادی) is an Iranian football striker, who currently plays for Azadegan League side Shahrdari Tabriz.
This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Florida also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.
Sydney M. Irmas (c. 1925 – 1996), American attorney, investor, philanthropist, art collector
Flabellidium is an extinct genus of moss in the family Brachytheciaceae. It contains a single species, Flabellidium spinosum, also known as the Santa Cruz bryophyte.
María Teresa Espasa Moltó is a Spanish Valencian poet, essayist and professor. She was born in Dénia, Marina Alta, Alicante) in the middle of the 20th century. She is known for her intense and animated literary and cultural style developed during the talk show "La Buhardilla" and through the magazine, Corondel.
Aramis Range is the third range south in the Prince Charles Mountains, situated 11 miles southeast of the Porthos Range and extending for about 30 miles in a southwest–northeast direction. First visited in January 1957 by Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE) southern party led by W.G. Bewsher, who named it for a character in Alexandre Dumas' novel The Three Musketeers, the most popular book read on the southern journey.
Stictomyia punctata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Stictomyia of the family Ulidiidae.
Ma'ale Adumim (Hebrew: מַעֲלֵה אֲדֻמִּים; Arabic: معالي أدوميم) is an urban Israeli settlement and a city in the West Bank, seven kilometers (4.3 miles) east of Jerusalem.  Ma'ale Adumim achieved city status in 1991. In 2015 its population was 38,155. It is located along Highway 1, which connects it to Jerusalem and the Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area. 
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
Major-General Arthur Crawford Daly,  (14 May 1871 – 28 August 1936) was a senior British Army officer.
Daly was the eighth child and youngest son of General Sir Henry Dermot Daly and Susan Kirkpatrick, and the brother of Hugh Daly. He was educated at Winchester College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, prior to being commissioned into the Welch Regiment in 1890. He was subsequently transferred to the West Yorkshire Regiment, was promoted to lieutenant on 7 March 1892, and then to captain on 15 February 1899. Appointed adjutant of the 2nd battalion on 15 February 1898, he first saw active service in the Second Boer War, during which he was severely wounded during action in Natal. He was reported seriously ill with enteric fever near Pietermaritzburg in March 1900, but recovered, was mentioned in despatches (dated 8 April 1902), and received a brevet promotion as major in the South African Honours list published on 26 June 1902. Following the end of the war in June 1902, he left Cape Town on the SS Sicilia and returned to Southampton in late July, where he went back as a regular officer in his regiment.After the outbreak of the First World War, Daly became Deputy Assistant Quartermaster-General of the IV Corps in October 1914. He was assistant adjutant and quartermaster general of the 7th Division between 1914 and 1915. He was promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1915, was given his first brigade command, the 6th Brigade, the same year. He then commanded the 33rd Infantry Brigade between February and September 1917, when he was made commander of the 24th Division. He held this post until the division was disbanded in 1919. Daly was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1918 and a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1919. He was Inspector-General and Military Advisor to Minister of Defence in Iraq between 1925 and 1927, and retired from the army in 1928.
Daly married Grace Wilkinson, the daughter of Major H. C. Wilkinson, in 1897. Together they had two children. Daly's son was Air Vice-Marshal George Dermot Daly (1898–1974). Daly died in Sevenoaks, Kent, in 1936.
Amucallia miranda is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Galileo and Martins in 2010. It is known from Venezuela.
Mieczysław Moczar (Polish pronunciation: [mjɛˈt͡ʂɨswaf ˈmɔt͡ʂar]; birth name Mikołaj Diomko, pseudonym Mietek, 23 December 1913 in – 1 November 1986) was a Polish communist politician who played a prominent role in the history of the Polish People's Republic. He is most known for his unorthodox, alternative socialist views attitude which influenced Polish United Workers' Party politics in the late 1960s. During this time, Moczar and his supporters challenged Władysław Gomułka's authority.
Moczar was heavily involved in the March 1968 events in Poland against Polish Jews, in which he led the faction of hardliners inside the Communist Party.
Filippo "Pippo" Maniero (born 11 September 1972, in Padua) is an Italian retired association footballer who played as a striker.
The Madurai BRTS is a proposed bus rapid transit system for the city of Madurai in Tamil Nadu.
The Série 1930 are a class of diesel-electric locomotives formerly used by Portuguese Railways (CP). They are visually very similar to the Série 1900 locomotives, but have a higher top speed of 120 km/h. They were assembled in Portugal by Sorefame, under licence from the French company Alsthom and entered service in 1981. The final locomotive in service was withdrawn following failure in October 2018.
They are mainly used on passenger train services. When first introduced, they displaced the Série 1800 locomotives from express passenger trains between Barreiro and the Algarve, but their duties have been reduced since the electrification of the main line between Lisbon and Faro, and now also to Évora.
Boulevard Theatre was an 1,839-seat theater opened in 1926 in the Jackson Heights section of Queens, New York. It now lives on as the Boulevard Latin Cuisine restaurant . Herbert J. Krapp was the building's architect and it was part of the Grob & Knobel circuit. Designed as a playhouse it showed pre-openings headed for Broadway and shows closed out on Broadway. These attractions were shown Monday through Saturday, while vaudeville and a feature movie were shown on Sundays.It eventually became a double-feature movie house, competing with the Jackson Theatre, and was later modified into a triplex as it struggled to survive into the 1980s. It closed and was empty for a decade as neighborhood progression took hold. The owner wanted it demolished, but with community support it was eventually converted into a dinner theater venue serving the area's Hispanic community. The entrance and lobby of the theater is now a restaurant and bar, and three auditoriums in the back are used for plays, concerts, and import films.
America Today is a mural comprising ten canvas panels, painted with egg tempera in 1930–1931 by the American painter Thomas Hart Benton. It provides a panorama of American life throughout the 1920s, based on Benton's extensive travels in the country. Originally commissioned for The New School for Social Research, it has belonged to the Metropolitan Museum of Art since 2012.
Parasmermus tonkinensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parasmermus. It was described by Breuning in 1969.
In applied statistics and geostatistics, regression-kriging (RK) is a spatial prediction technique that combines a regression of the dependent variable on auxiliary variables (such as parameters derived from digital elevation modelling, remote sensing/imagery, and thematic maps) with interpolation (kriging) of the regression residuals. It is mathematically equivalent to the interpolation method variously called universal kriging and kriging with external drift, where auxiliary predictors are used directly to solve the kriging weights.
A list of films produced in Spain in 1993 (see 1993 in film).
Félix Delamarche was a French geographer and engineer who flourished during the 18th century and early 19th century.  His father was the map publisher Charles Francois Delamarche.
Félix Delamarche became the owner of his father's map publishing company, Maison Delamarche. He ran the company alongside cartographer Charles Dien. The firm would eventually be passed down to Alexandre Delamarche. Delamarche created Atlas de la géographie ancienne et moderne in 1820. The atlas was reprinted during the 19th century. It was utilized by the Ecole Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr. His work is held in the collection of the Library of Congress.
Surajkaradi is a census town in Jamnagar district in the Indian state of Gujarat.
The Men's foil event of the 2011 World Fencing Championships took place on October 13, 2011.
The discography of Polina Gagarina, a Russian singer-songwriter, consists of three studio albums and 33 singles. She represented Russia at the 2015 Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, with the song "A Million Voices", coming second in the final with 303 points.
Her debut album, Poprosi u oblakov, was released in 2007. It included her first single, "Kolybelnaya", alongside "Ya tvoya", "Morning" and "Ya tebya ne proschu nikogda". Her next album, O cebe, featured the singles "Lyubov pod soltsem", "Gde-to zhivyot lyubov", "Komu, zachem?" (alongside Irina Dubtsova) and "Propadi vsyo". Her third album, 9, released in 2016, involved "Day", "Tantsuy so mnoy" and "Stanu solntsem". Other high-profile singles include "Spektakl okonchen", "Nyet", "Navek" and "Shagay".
The Mahalaxmi Racecourse is a horse racing track in Mahalaxmi neighbourhood of Mumbai. The track is oval shaped with 2,400 metres (7,900 ft) straight chute, spread over approximately 225 acres (0.91 km2; 0.352 sq mi) of open land in the heart of Mumbai city. It was created out of a marshy land known as Mahalakshmi Flats. Built in 1883 and modelled on the Caulfield Racecourse in Melbourne, it is spread over land facing the sea.
The racecourse was originally donated by Sir Cusrow N Wadia and today it is on lease from the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) to Royal Western India Turf Club which runs the racecourse. The Grandstand, off the course, is a designated heritage structure. The racecourse is the only helipad open for civilian use in South Mumbai.
Neoclytus purus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1885.
Bossiaea dentata is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to the south of Western Australia. It is an erect, sometimes prostrate shrub with variably-shaped leaves and greenish-yellow or pink to burgundy-coloured flowers.
"Sorry Not Sorry" is a song by American singer Bryson Tiller. It was sent to urban radio on June 21, 2016, as the third single from his debut studio album, Trapsoul (2015). The song was written by Tiller, Jetmir Salii and Timothy Mosley.
Chenari (Persian: چناري, also Romanized as Chenārī) is a village in Garin Rural District, Zarrin Dasht District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 574, in 146 families.
Whitneyville Congregational Church is a historic church on Main Street in Whitneyville, Maine.  Built 1869-76, it is an unusually high-style Italianate building for a remote rural setting.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Prasophyllum praecox, commonly known as the early leek orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to eastern Australia. It has a single tubular leaf and up to ten green to greenish brown and white flowers and is found in the southern parts of the Yorke Peninsula in South Australia.
This is a breakdown of the results of the 2013 German federal election. The following tables display detailed results in each of the sixteen states and all 299 single-member constituencies.
The Kirk of the Canongate, or Canongate Kirk, serves the Parish of Canongate in Edinburgh's Old Town, in Scotland. It is a congregation of the Church of Scotland. The parish includes the Palace of Holyroodhouse and the Scottish Parliament. It is also the parish church of Edinburgh Castle, even though the castle is detached from the rest of the parish. The wedding of Zara Phillips, the Queen's granddaughter, and former England rugby captain Mike Tindall took place at the church on 30 July 2011. The Queen sometimes attends services in the church when she visits Edinburgh.
Álvaro XI (died 1779) was ruler of the Kingdom of Kongo (1764–1779) from the Kinlaza house. He overthrew the rule of first Pedro V, who had refused to adhere to the rotating houses system that Pedro IV had implemented. As Pedro continued his claim to the throne after being overthrown, Álvaro's death set off another showdown between the Nkondo branch of the Kinlaza, who favoured José I, and the Mbamba Lovata faction, the main branch of the Kimpanzu house who still favored Pedro V.
The murder of Roy Tutill occurred on 23 April 1968 in Surrey, England. The victim was a 14-year-old schoolboy who was raped and murdered on his way home from school. The murder went unsolved for 33 years, until Brian Lunn Field confessed to the crime after DNA evidence surfaced in 2001. It is the oldest cold case to be solved in the United Kingdom.
Changqing Huayuan Station (Chinese: 常青花园站), is an interchange station and Line 2 and Line 6 of Wuhan Metro. It entered revenue service on December 28, 2012. It is located in Dongxihu District.
J. D. "Sandy" McClatchy (August 12, 1945 – April 10, 2018) was an American poet, opera librettist and literary critic.  He was editor of the Yale Review and president of The American Academy of Arts and Letters.
Talib Rasul Hakim was an American composer. Born Stephen Alexander Chambers on February 8, 1940, brother to noted jazz drummer and composer Joe Chambers in Asheville, North Carolina, he grew up playing music in school, studying clarinet, piano, and singing in church choir. He later studied music at the Manhattan School of Music, New York College of Music, and the New School for Social Research, New York. His teachers include Morton Feldman, Ornette Coleman, Margaret Bonds, Robert Starer, Hall Overton, Chou Wen-Chung, William Sydeman, Hale Smith, and Charles Whittenberg.Hakim first came to attention in the wider music community through appearances of his works on the "Music in Our Time" concert series in New York in the mid-1960s. He received awards and residencies from the Bennington Composers Conference (1964–90) and the Connecticut Commission on the Arts (1981–2), as well as ASCAP, grants from the National Endowment for the Arts, and the Creative Artist Public Service Program. In addition to composing, Hakim taught at Pace College, Adelphi University, Nassau Community College, and Morgan State University, as well as working as a radio and television producer.
After converting to Sufism in 1973, Hakim changed his name. He died on March 31, 1988, in New Haven, Connecticut.
Endemic to Papua New Guinea, the Goldie's bird-of-paradise is distributed in the hill forests of Fergusson and Normanby Island of the D'Entrecasteaux Archipelago, eastern Papuan Islands. The diet consists mainly of fruits.
The name commemorates the Scottish collector Andrew Goldie, who discovered the bird in 1882.
Due to ongoing habitat loss, limited range and overhunting in some areas, the Goldie's bird-of-paradise is evaluated as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. It is listed on Appendix II of CITES.
Armenia is a neighborhood located in Quito in the Pichincha Province, Ecuador.
Samson Mbingui (born 9 February 1992) is a Gabonese professional footballer who plays for the Gabon national football team.Mbingui was a member of the Gabon national under-23 football team at the 2011 CAF U-23 Championship and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Lewis Hollingworth (23 February 1826 – 20 May 1876) was an English cricketer who played in three first-class cricket matches for Kent County Cricket Club in 1845 and 1846.Hollingworth was the son of prominent paper manufacturer John Hollingworth and his wife Mary. The family paper mill operated at Turkey Mill at Boxley on the River Len in Kent, and Hollingworth was born there in 1826, one of five children. He played club cricket with one of his brothers Bearsted, Cobham and Penenden Heath as well as for West Kent. In his three first-class appearances he "made little impact", scoring only six runs in the six innings in which he batted.Hollingworth emigrated to Australia in 1849 and married Mary Cocker, probably the sister of John Cocker who also played cricket for Kent, in 1852. The couple had two children, a son and a daughter. He suffered from health problems related to alcohol abuse and died at Adelaide in South Australia in 1876 aged 50 of kidney disease.
Tim Bignell is an Australian bass guitarist from the Ballarat-based band Epicure.
The Batticotta Seminary was an educational institute founded by the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions (ABCFM)'s American Ceylon Mission at Vaddukodai, in the Jaffna Peninsula north Sri Lanka in 1823.  It was founded as part of the medical mission of John Scudder, Sr. and was subsequently led by Nathan Ward.  In 1846 the mission experienced a significant cholera outbreak. Emerson Tennent judged the Batticotta Seminary equal in rank with many European universities. The late Sabapathy Kulendran, the first bishop of the Jaffna Diocese of the Church of South India (JDCSI) observed that the seminary brought about a tremendous upsurge the like of which has never been seen in the country before or after. 
Megastructures is a documentary television series appearing on the National Geographic Channel in the United States and the United Kingdom, Channel 5 in the United Kingdom, France 5 in France, and 7mate in Australia.
Each episode is an educational look of varying depth into the construction, operation, and staffing of various structures or construction projects, but not ordinary construction products.
Generally containing interviews with designers and project managers, it presents the problems of construction and the methodology or techniques used to overcome obstacles. In some cases (such as the Akashi-Kaikyo Bridge and Petronas Towers) this involved the development of new materials or products that are now in general use within the construction industry.
Megastructures focuses on constructions that are extreme; in the sense that they are the biggest, tallest, longest, or deepest in the world. Alternatively, a project may appear if it had an element of novelty or are a world first (such as Dubai's Palm Islands). This type of project is known as a megaproject.
The series follows similar subjects as the History Channel's Modern Marvels and Discovery Channel's Extreme Engineering, covering areas of architecture, transport, construction and manufacturing.
Larry Levine (May 10, 1926 – February 9, 2008) was an American designer of coats and suits.
He was born in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn to Polish, Jewish, immigrants. He served in the US Navy in World War II and eventually got a job as a road salesman for Capri Coat in the nineteen forties. In 1951 Levine founded Larry Levine, Inc. By the mid-sixties his traditional, classic, coats and suits were sold in virtually every clothing store in the country. Larry Levine was one of a very few clothing manufacturers of his time to brand his own name. In the early seventies Larry Levine hired London based designer Gerald McCann to come to New York and design exclusively for him. Their successful partnership lasted through the nineties. Levine created two labels for McCann: Gerald McCann and Emily Lawrence, LTD. 
Levine's daughters Anne Levine and Elena Levine, both worked with their father in design, styling and sales. Elena went on to design for Anne Klein's coat division. Anne had an eponymous line manufactured by MDP, Inc. in the 1990s. Levine's wife Emily ran a group of retail stores called Emily Lawrence.
Levine sold part of his company to S. Rothschild, Inc. in 1991 but remained as president. In 1996 Levine cut all ties with the S. Rothschild. "Larry Levine Inc.was the strongest label in women's outerwear in the United States from the sixties through the eighties" says Stan Rutstein, President of Casual Corner. Larry Levine coats and suits are an integral part of Federated Stores' matrix with garments sold in Macy's, Lord & Taylor, Nordstrom's etc.
In probability and statistics, the K-distribution is a three-parameter family of continuous probability distributions. 
The distribution arises by compounding two gamma distributions. In each case, a re-parametrization of the usual form of the family of gamma distributions is used, such that the parameters are:
the usual shape parameter.K-distribution is a special case of variance-gamma distribution, which in turn is a special case of generalised hyperbolic distribution.
Pinyahan, sometimes spelled Piñahan, is a barangay of Quezon City, the Philippines.
Célestin Montcocol (26 June 1879 – 27 December 1981) was a French businessman. He built underground constructions and railroad tracks, including some of the Paris Métro. He is a co-founder of the Sainte-Maxime Golf Club.
Vivek Vedagiri (born 9 September 1981) is a Singaporean cricketer. He made his List A debut in the 2006 ACC Trophy and was a member of the Singaporean cricket team at the 2009 ICC World Cricket League Division Six tournament.Vedagiri was a member of the national team which won the gold medal in the men's T20 cricket tournament and was also part of the national side which won the silver medal in the men's 50-over tournament after an embarrassing defeat with a margin of 251 runs in the finals against Malaysia.
The 2015 Nigerian Senate election in Niger State was held on March 28, 2015, to elect members of the Nigerian Senate to represent Niger State. Mustapha Sani representing Niger South, Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi representing Niger North and David Umaru representing Niger East all won on the platform of All Progressives Congress.
Historis acheronta, the tailed cecropian, is a species of crescents, checkerspots, anglewings, etc. in the butterfly family Nymphalidae.The MONA or Hodges number for Historis acheronta is 4546.
Myshkino (Russian: Мышкино) is a rural locality (a village) in Mayskoye Rural Settlement, Vologodsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 7 as of 2002.
Mark Anthony Torres Chargualaf (born 3 January 1991) is a Guamanian footballer who plays as a defender.
The Norwegian Poultry Association (Norwegian: Norsk Fjørfelag) is the largest Norwegian professional association for poultry farming, with approximately 950 members organised into 12 regional teams as of 2018.
A Deusa Vencida is a 1980 Brazilian telenovela, broadcast on TV Bandeirantes, directed by Walter Avancini and written by Ivani Ribeiro.
The Gregorian calendar is the calendar used in most of the world. It was introduced in October 1582 by Pope Gregory XIII as a modification of, and replacement for, the Julian calendar. The principal change was to space leap years differently so as to make the average calendar year 365.2425 days long, more closely approximating the 365.2422-day 'tropical' or 'solar' year that is determined by the Earth's revolution around the Sun. The rule for leap years is:
Every year that is exactly divisible by four is a leap year, except for years that are exactly divisible by 100, but these centurial years are leap years if they are exactly divisible by 400. For example, the years 1700, 1800, and 1900 are not leap years, but the years 1600 and 2000 are.
There were two reasons to establish the Gregorian calendar. First, the Julian calendar assumed incorrectly that the average solar year is exactly 365.25 days long, an overestimate of a little under one day per century, and thus has a leap year every four years without exception. The Gregorian reform shortened the average (calendar) year by 0.0075 days to stop the drift of the calendar with respect to the equinoxes. Second, in the years since the First Council of Nicaea in AD 325, the excess leap days introduced by the Julian algorithm had caused the calendar to drift such that the (Northern) spring equinox was occurring well before its nominal 21 March date. This date was important to the Christian churches because it is fundamental to the calculation of the date of Easter. To reinstate the association, the reform advanced the date by 10 days: Thursday 4 October 1582 was followed by Friday 15 October 1582. In addition, the reform also altered the lunar cycle used by the Church to calculate the date for Easter, because astronomical new moons were occurring four days before the calculated dates. It is notable that whilst the reform introduced minor changes, that the calendar continued to be fundamentally based on the same geocentric theory as its predecessor.The reform was adopted initially by the Catholic countries of Europe and their overseas possessions. Over the next three centuries, the Protestant and Eastern Orthodox countries also moved to what they called the Improved calendar, with Greece being the last European country to adopt the calendar (for civil use only) in 1923. To unambiguously specify a date during the transition period (in contemporary documents or in history texts), both notations were given, tagged as 'Old Style' or 'New Style' as appropriate. During the 20th century, most non-Western countries also adopted the calendar, at least for civil purposes.
Ousia is a music ensemble from Minneapolis, Minnesota.  The group classifies their music (a mixture of ambient, noise, and space rock) as "Snowbient." Their current instrumentation consists of two guitars, bass, and synthesizers. Musically, their compositions are constructed around keys and dynamics, rather than a traditional "verse / bridge / chorus" musical form.  A consistent approach involving improvisation and "live" recordings, minimizes the difference between their performances and CD releases.  Ousia have performed with The Flaming Lips, Laibach, Third Eye Foundation, Windy and Carl, as well as headlining their own shows.
A Register of Interests is a record kept, usually by a government body, of financial interests of its members. The register documents interests which may potentially unethically or unlawfully influence members' official duties.
Route 269 is a short highway in the Kansas City, Missouri area.  Its total length is about three miles (4.8 km) and it is known as Chouteau Trafficway for its entire length.  The northern terminus is at Interstate 35 (I-35) in Kansas City; its southern terminus is at Front Street in Kansas City. The route had an interchange with Route 210 in North Kansas City. Chouteau Trafficway is a very narrow road for the amount of traffic it handles, so in the summer of 2011, all buildings located on Chouteau between NE Parvin Road and NE Winn Road were taken by eminent domain and razed in order to widen Route 269 into a four-lane boulevard.
The Tinner's Arms is a Grade II-listed traditional Cornish pub in Zennor, Cornwall. The name is derived from the Tinners, with records of tin extraction in the area dating back to Tudor times.D. H. Lawrence stayed for a fortnight in the pub in 1916. The pub sign pictures a tin miner at work, testimony to its origins. It is the only pub in the village.
Choi Yo-seb (Korean: 최요셉; born 22 September 1989) is a retired South Korean footballer.
Dagmar Patrasová (born 27 April 1956) is a Czech actress and singer. She is married to musician Felix Slováček, with whom she has two children.
Meisertown is an unincorporated community in Pocono Township in Monroe County, Pennsylvania, United States. Meisertown is located at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 314 and Pennsylvania Route 715.
Pascal van der Graaf (born 19 March 1979, Dordrecht) is a Dutch artist who lives and works in Taiwan. He is best known for his landscapes, seascapes and still-life paintings painted in a variety of techniques. His work has been exhibited nationally and internationally.
Dennis Smith (September 9, 1940 – January 21, 2022) was an American firefighter and author. He was the author of 16 books, most notable of which is the memoir, Report from Engine Co. 82, a chronicle of his career as a firefighter with the New York City Fire Department in a South Bronx firehouse from the late 1960s and into the 1970s. Smith served for 18 years as a New York City firefighter, from 1963 to 1981, and is the most well-known advocate for firefighters in the United States. After 9/11, he chronicled the 57 days he spent in rescue and recovery operations at the World Trade Center collapse in a bestselling book, Report from Ground Zero.
Three for the Road (やじきた道中てれすこ, Yajikita Dōchū Teresuko) is a 2007 Japanese film directed by Hideyuki Hirayama.
Osborn is an unincorporated community located in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi. Osborn is approximately 9 miles (14 km) northeast of Starkville and approximately 7 miles (11 km) west of Tibbee. Notable people include comedian Toby Turner and blues singer Tony Hollins.
Mange  is a type of skin disease caused by parasitic mites. Because various species of mites also infect plants, birds and reptiles, the term "mange", or colloquially "the mange", suggesting poor condition of the skin and fur due to the infection, is sometimes reserved for pathological mite-infestation of nonhuman mammals. Thus, mange includes mite-associated skin disease in domestic mammals (cats and dogs), in livestock (such as sheep scab), and in wild mammals (for example, foxes, coyotes, cougars, and bears). Since mites belong to the arachnid subclass Acari (also called Acarina), another term for mite infestation is acariasis.
Parasitic mites that cause mange in mammals embed themselves in either skin or hair follicles in the animal, depending upon their genus. Sarcoptes spp. burrow into skin, while Demodex spp. live in follicles.
In humans, these two types of mite infections, which would be known as "mange" in furry mammals, are instead known respectively as scabies and demodicosis.
Ryan Leonard Lalisang (born 21 August 1980 in Balikpapan, Kalimantan Timur) is an Indonesian ten-pin bowler.
Ngenechen (also known as Ngunechen, Nguenechen, Guenechen, Guinechen) is one of the most important Ngen spirits within traditional mapuche religion; and is the most important deity in the present beliefs of the Mapuche people.
Ngenechen originally was only the Ngen spirit "governor of the Mapuche people" and not their creator god; but as a product of syncretism with Catholicism, Ngenechen is now also the "Supreme Being" in Mapuche religion, and is synonymous with the term God as used in Abrahamic religions.
Eulepidotis santarema is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Francis Walker in 1865. It is found in the Neotropics, including the Brazilian state of Amazonas and Guyana.
Łupiny [wuˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wiśniew, 13 km (8 mi) south of Siedlce, and 87 km (54 mi) east of Warsaw.
He took the cand.philol. degree in his education and started working for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1980. He served as consul-general in Murmansk from 1993 to 1994, as the Norwegian ambassador to Poland from 2005 to 2008, and Norwegian ambassador to Russia from 2008 to 2013. He presented his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 27 February 2009. In 2014 he was appointed as the Permanent Representative of Norway to NATO, returning to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 2018 as a deputy under-secretary of state.
The 2006 European Mixed Curling Championship was held from October 17 to 21, 2006 in Claut, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Italy.Scotland, skipped by Tom Brewster, won its first title, defeating Italy in the final.
Giordano Müller Piffero (born 5 August 1993), commonly known as Giordano, is a Brazilian footballer, playing in defender position. His most recent contract was with Lithuanian club Džiugas.
Robert "Mr. Fantastic" Muraine (born July 2, 1987 in North East Los Angeles, California) is a dancer in the popping style.
Muraine gained international attention when he gave a lengthy audition to the instrumental of the obscure tune "It's Me Bitches" by Swizz Beats for Season 4 of the television program So You Think You Can Dance, during which executive producer and judge Nigel Lythgoe declared that Muraine was his favorite dancer of 2008 and then handed him the ticket in a mock slow motion fashion. Many So You Think You Can Dance viewers uploaded the audition to their YouTube accounts moments after the show aired, making the audition clip one of So You Think You Can Dance's most successful viral videos, earning around 26,000,000 accumulated views only a week after the video surfaced. Muraine later quit the show during contestant selection due to the difficult choreography, but appeared later in the season for a guest performance, after which Lythgoe suggested a dance-off with Phillip "PacMan" Chbeeb. The dance-off aired in August 2008 during the season finale and the judges selected Muraine as the winner.
Muraine also represented the US in Superstars of Dance on NBC later in fall of 2008, specifically winning the bronze medal in the solo category, which helped lead the US to take the top prize for the season.  He was referred to as the "popping soloist" of the team.
In the same year Muraine starred in a television commercial for IKEA in 2008 called "What Goes Where?" in which he arranges IKEA products alongside Shugamai Johnson performing with robot dance and liquid dancing. Muraine also starred in various other commercials and viral videos in 2008 including adverts for Pringles, BlackBerry, Strike Bowling & Uvestment. Robert also collaborated with Laurent Bremond, a French filmmaker in 2008 to make a short viral documentary about Muraine's unique dance and way of life.
From 2009 to early 2011 Muraine was involved in the Cirque Dreams: Illumination 2009-2010 tour of the US. He was majorly featured in segments "An Urban Beat with Robert Muraine" a short number constructed with help of choreographer Ruddy Betancourt [New Century Dance Company] and "Detour" a number in which Muraine and the Mongolian contortion group Contortion Sisters put together a 'twisted & funky' mix of his dancing and the troupe's traditional contortion.
Between the shows and seasons of his tour with Illumination, Robert would be asked to perform in various parts of the World of Dance Tour "the largest urban dance competition in the United States focusing on the art of street dance and choreography, taking place in 14 cities in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom" Several video clips of his freestyle performances at World of Dance shows have been uploaded and posted by audiences all over the US to have gained millions of international views to this day.
In Summer and Fall of 2011, Muraine was contracted for his first time abroad in the German circus show called Magnifico directed by André Heller. Shortly after the tour launched the company filed for bankruptcy, leaving Muraine as a free agent in Europe.
In 2012 and 2013 Robert earned medals for his 'Eccentric Dance' piece in the Festival Mondial du Cirque de Demain in France and The Nikulin Circus Festival in Moscow, in which he also earned 'the most creative act of 2012' award.
Robert now travels the world performing his act in all different types of live shows all over the world and currently works with Crazy Horse in Paris and is working on his 'new contortion number' and putting together 'a few comedy acts for future festivals'.
Robert now travels back and forth between Los Angeles and Paris and working as an international freelance entertainer.
Never Look Away (German: Werk ohne Autor, lit. 'Work Without Author') is a 2018 German coming-of-age romantic drama film written and directed by Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck. It was nominated for a Golden Lion at the 75th Venice International Film Festival and for a Golden Globe by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. It was nominated for two Academy Awards at the 91st Academy Awards, in the Best Foreign Language Film and Best Cinematography categories. This was only the second time that a German-language film by a German director was nominated for an Oscar in multiple categories, the other film being Wolfgang Petersen's Das Boot 36 years prior.
William K. Thierfelder is an American businessman, academic administrator, and former athlete, currently serving as the 20th President of Belmont Abbey College in Belmont, North Carolina.
Carlesia sinensis is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae and is the only member of the genus Carlesia. It is endemic to eastern China.
The Gordin Cell is an Israeli psychological thriller series. The series stars Ran Danker as Israeli Air Force officer Eyal Gordin and Mark Ivanir as Russian Intelligence agent Yaakov Lundin.
Joanna Trzepiecińska (born 7 September 1965 in Tomaszów Mazowiecki, Poland) is a Polish film, television and theater actress, best known for playing in the Polish TV series Rodzina zastępcza (Foster Family).
The 2020 European Individual Speedway Junior Championship (also known as the 2020 Speedway European Under 21 Championship) was the 23rd edition of the Championship.The final was staged at Gdańsk in Poland and was won by Wiktor Lampart of Poland.
Mislav Leko (born 19 December 1987) is a Croatian former football defender.
Wokingham  is a market town in Berkshire, England,  37 miles (60 km) west of London,  7 miles (11 km) southeast of Reading, 8 miles (13 km) north of Camberley and 4 miles (6 km) west of Bracknell. The town is a constituent part of the Reading/Wokingham Urban Area. Wokingham was a borough before the 1974 reorganisation of local government, when it merged with Wokingham Rural District to form the new Wokingham District. Borough status was granted in 2007.
Major-General Isaac Pierre de Villiers CB MC (20 August 1891 – 11 October 1967) was a South African military commander and police official.  Originally an attorney by profession, he served in the Royal Field Artillery during World War I, and was awarded the Military Cross. In 1928, he was appointed a lieutenant colonel in the South African Police, later succeeding to the post of Commissioner.
Masato Furuoya (古尾谷 雅人, Furuoya Masato, May 14, 1957 – March 25, 2003) was a Japanese actor. He won the award for best actor at the 2nd Yokohama Film Festival and at the 5th Hochi Film Award for Disciples of Hippocrates and at the 12th Yokohama Film Festival for Uchū no hōsoku. He committed suicide on March 25, 2003 by hanging himself.
Susanne Niesner (born 7 October 1954) is a Swiss former backstroke and medley swimmer. She competed in five events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
The Oslo breakfast was a type of uncooked school meal developed in the 1920s and rolled out as a free universal provision for Oslo school children in 1932. It typically consisted of bread, cheese, milk, half an apple and half an orange.
The original Norwegian name for the meal was Oslofrokosten ("the Oslo breakfast"). The Oslo Breakfast had been designed by professor Carl Schiøtz to be as healthy as possible, with widely reported studies suggesting it delivered excellent results for the children's long-term health. During the 1930s the Oslo breakfast became famous and was copied by programs in Scandinavia, Europe, and the wider world. Many of these initiatives were small scale however, sometimes restricted to just a single school. By the late 1950s the provision of Oslo breakfasts by schools had largely ceased; sometimes they were replaced by more popular hot meal provision, or sometimes just dropped altogether as rising prosperity meant the provision of free school meals was seen as less necessary.
"NYC Beat" is the second single from Armand Van Helden's seventh studio album, Ghettoblaster. It is a cover/sample of the early 80's single New York City Beats, performed by Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato, performing as the Fabulous Pop Tarts.
The United Way Community Services Building is a high-rise office building completed in 1895 at 1212 Griswold Street, at the northeast corner of State Street, in the Capitol Park Historic District of downtown Detroit, Michigan. The 48.77 m (160.0 ft) 12-story building was designed by architects Spier & Rohns and was the tallest in the state when built. The lower two floors are faced with a brown rusticated stone with the main entry centered on the south façade and framed by four square pilasters of gray granite. Floors three through five are smooth stone and floors six through twelve are tan brick. The structure originally had an elaborate cornice surrounding the twelfth floor which was removed in the 1950s. The light court which extended from the fifth to twelfth floor above the entry was filled in 1988 and faced with glass and a gabled glass roof to provide additional office space.
William Dunstan (4 December 1878 – 11 April 1955) was an Australian cricketer. He played one first-class match for Western Australia in 1905/06.
Deudorix batikelides is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Uele and Niangara).
Thomas Sell (1800 – 1844) was an English cricketer who was associated with Cambridge Town Club and made his first-class debut in 1827.
Sprachen & Dolmetscher Institut München (Languages and translators institute) is located in Maxvorstadt, Munich, Bavaria, Germany.
Novosco is an information technology company based in Belfast, Northern Ireland, and established in 2007. It had sales of £21.4 million in 2016, and £23.7 million in 2017.Novosco signed a contract with Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust for the introduction of new hardware, IT infrastructure, Wi-Fi, and cyber security at a cost of £107 million in June 2018.  At the time, it employed 180 people, mainly based at its Belfast headquarters, but it planned to recruit 114 new staff to be located in Belfast, with 32 others based closer to Manchester.Novosco runs an IT infrastructure summer camp in partnership with Ulster University, and sponsors the Novosco Grand Prix, an annual series of 10 km running races in Northern Ireland.In October 2019, Novosco were acquired by German group Cancom in a £70 million deal.
Quilmesaurus is a genus of carnivorous abelisaurid theropod dinosaur from the Patagonian Upper Cretaceous (Campanian stage) of Argentina. It was a member of Abelisauridae, closely related to genera such as Carnotaurus. The only known remains of this genus are leg bones which share certain similarities to a variety of abelisaurids. However, these bones lack unique features, which may render Quilmesaurus a nomen vanum (more commonly known as a nomen dubium, or "dubious name").
Cambrian Railways owned 230 miles (370 km) of track over a large area of mid Wales. The system was an amalgamation of a number of railways that were incorporated in 1864, 1865 and 1904. The Cambrian connected with two larger railways with connections to the northwest of England via the London and North Western Railway, and the Great Western Railway for connections between London and Wales. The Cambrian Railways amalgamated with the Great Western Railway on 1 January 1922 as a result of the Railways Act 1921. The name is continued today in the route known as the Cambrian Line.
Radwell is a hamlet in the Hundred of Willey in North Bedfordshire, England, on the River Great Ouse, about 7 miles (11 km) north west of Bedford.
Administratively, it is often included with the neighbouring village of Felmersham, and the Civil Parish is sometimes known as Felmersham with Radwell. According to the 2011 Census the civil parish mentioned had been renamed Felmersham and the population of Radwell was included there.
Excavations of the gravel pits to the north of the settlement showed evidence of occupation during the Roman period, with a field and ditch system and the remains of two timber buildings, probably a farmstead.The hamlet was mentioned in Domesday as Radeuuelle, listed with a population of 18 households, under two landowners.The hamlet has no church, but is part of the parish of St. Mary's, Felmersham. A chapel dedicated to St James was first recorded in 1204, but had fallen out of use by the 17th century. A Methodist chapel in Moor End Road, built in 1807, has been converted to a residence.
A public house, the Swan Inn, was first recorded as an ale house in 1728, but it has recently closed due to economic problems.
To the south, there is a stone bridge across the river. Built in 1766 by Thomas Morris, it originally cost £292-10s-0d. As it was not maintained by the county, by 1775 it was "ruinous and in great decay", but was taken over by the county in 1805. The bridge was Grade II listed by English Heritage in August 1987.
The road leading into Radwell from the south is Radwell Road and frequently floods after heavy rain.
Between the two world wars, there was a privately run miniature railway, the Radwell Manor Railway, to the north of the settlement, which was occasionally open to the public. It was abandoned around 1940, and dismantled later, possibly in the 1960s.
At the end of Moor End Road is a riding stable, and further on are Radwell lakes, a popular fishing spot with many swans.
Animation World Network (often just "AWN") is an online publishing group that specializes in resources for animators, with an extensive website offering news, articles and links for professional animators and animation fans. Specifically, AWN covers animator profiles, independent film distribution, major animation studio activities, licensing, CGI and other animation technologies, as well as current events in all fields of animation.
AWN also publishes print magazines.  The magazines are Animation World, dedicated to animation in general, and VFX World, which focuses on special effects and computer-generated imagery.
Makan Gorgan (Persian: مكان گرگان, also Romanized as Makān Gorgān) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 6 families.
Redfern Park is a heritage-listed park at Elizabeth, Redfern, Chalmers, and Phillip Streets, Redfern, City of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It was designed by Charles O'Neill. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 21 September 2018.
"Tria Tragoudia" (Three Songs) is the third EP by Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki that was released in 2004. It was certified Gold by the IFPI.
Two Flaming Youths is a lost 1927 American silent comedy film directed by John Waters and written by John W. Conway, Donald Davis, Percy Heath, and Herman J. Mankiewicz. The film stars W. C. Fields, Chester Conklin, Mary Brian, Jack Luden, George Irving, and Cissy Fitzgerald. The film was released on December 17, 1927, by Paramount Pictures.
Flyovers is a stage play by Jeffrey Sweet that premiered at the Victory Gardens Theater in Chicago and later ran at the 78th Street Theatre Lab in New York City.  The play tells the story of Oliver, a film critic who returns to his hometown in Ohio for his high school reunion and confronts Ted, a bully who has lost his job at the local plant.The Chicago Tribune praised the play as "engaging" and a "deserved success."
Sergiusia is a monotypic moth genus of the family Noctuidae described by Nye in 1980. Its only species, Sergiusia pentelia, was described by Herbert Druce in 1887. It is known from Mozambique.
According to Ralph Kimball, in a data warehouse, a degenerate dimension is a dimension key in the fact table that does not have its own dimension table, because all the interesting attributes have been placed in analytic dimensions. The term "degenerate dimension" was originated by Ralph Kimball.
As Bob Becker says:Degenerate dimensions commonly occur when the fact table's grain is a single transaction (or transaction line). Transaction control header numbers assigned by the operational business process are typically degenerate dimensions, such as order, ticket, credit card transaction, or check numbers. These degenerate dimensions are natural keys of the "parents" of the line items.
Even though there is no corresponding dimension table of attributes, degenerate dimensions can be quite useful for grouping together related fact tables rows. For example, retail point-of-sale transaction numbers tie all the individual items purchased together into a single market basket. In health care, degenerate dimensions can group the claims items related to a single hospital stay or episode of care.
Hazelton Township is a civil township of Shiawassee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2,071 at the 2010 census.
Avoine (French pronunciation: [avwan] (listen)) is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Konokovo (Russian: Коноково) is a rural locality (a selo) in Uspensky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Kuban River. Population: 7,880 (2010 Census); 7,411 (2002 Census).
The Toronto Rock are a lacrosse team based in Toronto playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season was the 13th in franchise history, and 12th as the Rock.
On November 6, 2008, the Rock announced that veteran Chris Driscoll would be the new team captain, replacing the retired Jim Veltman.Only three games into the season, the Rock fired head coach Glenn Clark and assistant coach Terry Bullen and hired former Chicago Shamrox and Colorado Mammoth coach Jamie Batley as the new head coach. Assistant coach Jim Veltman was relieved of his coaching duties, but remained with the Rock as an advisor.After winning their first game of the season, the Rock won only once in their next eight games before a three-game winning streak gave fans some hope that the season was not lost. However, three straight losses forced the Rock out of the playoffs for the second straight year. Rock President Brad Watters said that the team "drastically under-delivered", and vowed to make whatever changes were necessary to fix the team.
Operation Tunisia refers to the actions by internet group Anonymous during the Tunisian revolution.
Hippeutister californicus is a species of clown beetle in the family Histeridae. It is found in North America.
Akhowr Khash (Persian: اخوررخش, also Romanized as Ākhowr Khash, Ākhvorrash, and Akhor Vakhsh; also known as Ākhowr and Al Khawr) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 35, in 7 families.
The Zutia River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
Kirkby Malzeard () is a village and civil parish in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England.
There has been a creamery in the village making Wensleydale cheese for almost 100 years, first owned by Mrs Mason, then Kit Calvert, of Hawes, subsequently 
the Milk Marketing Board and more recently it was acquired by the Wensleydale Creamery.
Sophus Wangøe (1873–1943) was a Danish cinematographer of the silent era.
Shackleford is an unincorporated community in Saline County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Sir John Edwin Enderby  (16 January 1931 – 3 August 2021) was a British physicist, and was Professor of Physics at University of Bristol from 1976 to 1996. He developed innovative ways of using neutrons to study matter at the microscopic level. His research has particularly advanced our understanding of the structure of multicomponent liquids— those made up of two or more types of atoms – including commonly used liquid alloys and glasses.
Tyler Feeley (born January 10, 1997) is a Serbian-American soccer player who plays for FC Arizona in the National Premier Soccer League.
Longnecker is a surname of Swiss German origin. It is an alternate spelling of Langenecker,  a habitational name for a person from any of several places called Langeneck, a name derived from Old High German lang which means "long", and egga, which means "corner."There are many spelling variations of Longnecker, the most common being Longenecker, Longaker, Longenencker, Langnecker, Longacker, and Langenecker.As a surname, Longnecker may refer to:
Shelby Moore Cullom (November 22, 1829 – January 28, 1914) was a U.S. political figure, serving in various offices, including the United States House of Representatives, the United States Senate and the 17th Governor of Illinois.
Mira Spivak, née Steele (born July 12, 1934) is a former member of the Canadian Senate representing the province of Manitoba.
Born in Rivne, Ukraine (then in Poland), Spivak received a Bachelor of Arts, Honours Degree in Political Science and Philosophy from the University of Manitoba.
She was appointed to the Senate on the recommendation of then-Prime Minister Brian Mulroney in 1986 as a Progressive Conservative (PC).  She refused to join the Conservative Party of Canada when the PC Party merged with the Canadian Alliance in 2003 and subsequently left the Conservative caucus to sit in the Senate as an independent on February 3, 2004.
Spivak holds liberal views on most social issues.  She allowed her name to be used on a full-page pro-choice advertisement that ran in the Winnipeg Free Press on October 11, 1989.
In 2006, she supported Elizabeth May in her successful campaign to win the leadership of the Green Party of Canada.Spivak retired from the Senate on July 12, 2009, upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of 75. She is the widow of Manitoba politician Sidney Spivak.
The 25th Signal Battalion is a strategic signal battalion (SSB) of the United States Army. The battalion is one of two permanently assigned to the 160th Signal Brigade.
Faghme Abrahams is a former South African cricketer, who played cricket during the apartheid-era. As a non-white player, he was restricted to playing in the Howa Bowl, which was not classified as first-class cricket at the time. The games were retrospectively given first-class status during the early 1990s.Abrahams played for Eastern Province between 1974 and 1987, appearing in at least 60 first-class matches. In the 1978–79 season, when Eastern Province won the Howa Cup, Abrahams was their leading run-scorer, accumulating 227 runs at an average of 25.22. His highest score in first-class cricket was made in March 1978 against Transvaal, when he scored 86 runs in the second innings to help his side to victory.
Andrei Vladimirovich Panyukov (Russian: Андрей Владимирович Панюков; born 25 September 1994) is a Russian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Ural Yekaterinburg.
Heide (German pronunciation: [ˈhaɪdə] (listen)) is a town in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is the capital of the Kreis (district) Dithmarschen. Population: 21,000.
The German word Heide means "heath". In the 15th century four adjoining villages decided to build a church in the "middle of the heath". This remained the town's name to date. The exact foundation date is now unknown, but by 1447 Heide was already the main village of Dithmarschen. At this time Dithmarschen was an independent peasant republic. Heide became a town in the 19th century.
Heide has the largest un-built-upon market square in Germany, with 4.7 hectares. It is used primarily as a parking lot and has approximately 500 parking spaces. In 2016, the city staged 3 car-free Sundays on the market square for the first time.
Bethesda (; Welsh: [bɛθ'ɛsda]) is a town and community on the River Ogwen and the A5 road on the edge of Snowdonia, in Gwynedd, north-west Wales. It is the 5th largest Community in Gwynedd.
Laurentius Metsius (c.1520–1580) was the second bishop of 's-Hertogenbosch, in the Habsburg Netherlands. As ex officio abbot of the Abbey of Tongerlo he sat in the First Estate of the States of Brabant during the early years of the Dutch Revolt.
Scopula immutata, the lesser cream wave, is a moth of the family Geometridae. It was described by Carl Linnaeus in his 1758 10th edition of Systema Naturae. It is found throughout Europe.
Grünhainichen is a municipality in the district Erzgebirgskreis, in Saxony, Germany. On 1 March 2009, Grünhainichen and the neighboring municipality Waldkirchen were merged. On 1 January 2015, the former municipality Borstendorf became part of Grünhainichen.
The Combitube—also known as the esophageal tracheal airway or esophageal tracheal double-lumen airway—is a blind insertion airway device (BIAD) used in the pre-hospital and emergency setting. It is designed to provide an airway to facilitate the mechanical ventilation of a patient in respiratory distress.
Peter Kiilu (died 19 May 2020) was a Kenyan politician. In the 2007 Kenyan parliamentary election, he was elected to the National Assembly of Kenya as a member of the Orange Democratic Movement-Kenya (later the Wiper Democratic Movement) representing the Makueni Constituency. In the 2013 Kenyan general election, he ran on the National Rainbow Coalition (NARC) ticket. Daniel K. Maanzo defeated him.
Derrick Vivian "Des" Hamilton (born 15 August 1976) is an English former professional footballer and was assistant manager of Eccleshill United.
As a player he played as a midfielder from 1994 to 2010. He started his career with his hometown club Bradford City, making his debut at the age of 17. He helped Bradford win promotion to the First Division by scoring in the 1996 Football League Second Division play-off Final. He left Bradford less than a year later for a club record £2m having played more than 100 career games. He instead signed for Newcastle United, for whom he played in both the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Cup. However, he was restricted to just 12 league games in five seasons and spent time on loan with four other clubs. He moved on to Cardiff City and Grimsby Town, but after a brief spell at Barnet for whom he never played, he retired from professional football age of 27. He later went on to spend five years with Non-League side Campion. He won one England under-21 cap.
Death in the Hand  is a 1948 British short mystery film directed by  A. Barr-Smith, starring Esme Percy, Ernest Jay and Cecile Chevreau. The film marked the debut of John Le Mesurier. It was made by the small independent company Vandyke Productions.
English immersion programs have students to be fully immersed in the American culture, which starts by learning its language — English. A number of those who enroll into English immersion programs are immigrant children. Due to the fact that more ambitious choices are made by immigrant students than nonimmigrant students regarding academic choices, secondary effects, such as these English immersion programs, create positive outcomes. Immigrant children is defined as children who have at least one foreign born parent. Some immigrant students show proficiency in English after being in the program for only 2–3 years while others take longer. There are not many other resources provided by schools that students can go to if they want to learn or improve their English. As a result, it can possibly affect immigrant students' proficiency in English.
Brzozówka [bʐɔˈzufka] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Sulęcin and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
Tan Sri Khoo Chong Kong (1925 – 14 November 1975) was a Perak state Police Chief during the Communist insurgency in Malaysia (1968–89) in Malaysia.
A number of cities in the Indian state of Telangana have been designated for infrastructure improvement under the Indian Government's Smart Cities Mission and AMRUT (Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation) programmes.
Note: The statistical data represented in this article is based on "smartcitiesprojects", urban renewal projects launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in June 2015 to improve urban infrastructure.
Česká Bělá (Czech pronunciation: [ˈtʃɛskaː ˈbjɛlaː]) is a market town in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,100 inhabitants.
Česká Bělá lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Havlíčkův Brod, 29 kilometres (18 mi) north of Jihlava, and 104 kilometres (65 mi) south-east of Prague.
Mie Uehara (上原 三枝, Uehara Mie, born 1 July 1971) is a Japanese speed skater. She competed at the 1992 Winter Olympics and the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Ortega is a Spanish surname. A baptismal record in 1570 records a de Ortega "from the village of Ortega". There were several villages of this name in Spain. The toponym derives from Latin urtica, meaning "nettle".
Some of the Ortega spelling variants are: Ortega, Ortego, de Ortega, Ortegada, Ortegal, Hortega, Ortiga, Ortigueda, Ortigueira, Ortigosa, Orreaga, etc. A cognate surname in Italian  is Ortica, in Romanian Urzică, in French Ortie, all from Latin urtica.
Aravind Kaushik is an Indian film director, screenwriter who works in Kannada cinema. He rose to fame with 2010 film Nam Areal Ond Dina.
Abu Hbeilat (Arabic: أبو حبيلات)  is a Syrian village located in Barri Sharqi Subdistrict in Salamiyah District, Hama.  According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Abu Hbeilat had a population of 299 in the 2004 census.
Valeriu Tița (born 22 April 1966) is a Romanian Former footballer and current coach of Syria national football team. He led Syrian club Al-Ittihad Aleppo to the AFC Cup title in 2010.
Venus in Fur (French: La Vénus à la fourrure) is a 2013 French erotic drama film directed by Roman Polanski. It is based on the play of the same name by American playwright David Ives, which itself was inspired by Leopold von Sacher-Masoch's novel Venus in Furs. It stars Emmanuelle Seigner and Mathieu Amalric, the only actors in the film.
The film premiered in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival on 25 May. In January 2014 the film received five nominations at the 39th César Awards, winning for Best Director.
Megan Asha Williams (born June 30, 1984) is a Canadian born writer. Williams published her first book, Our Interrupted Fairy Tale in February 2014, a non-fiction love story about her and her late boyfriend, Chad Warren (February 11, 1975 - November 28, 2009) who died from an incurable blood cancer, multiple myeloma. 
Her self-published book is available at bookstores in Canada and the USA as well as on Kindle.
In March 2015, Williams began a column called How Did You Meet - a human interest column for ValleyBuzz.
Crook County Courthouse is a courthouse located in Prineville, Oregon, United States.
Megachile pilicrus is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae. It was described by Morawitz in 1877.
Trisomy 16 is a chromosomal abnormality in which there are 3 copies of chromosome 16 rather than two. It is the most common trisomy leading to miscarriage and the second most common chromosomal cause of it, closely following X-chromosome monosomy. About 6% of miscarriages have trisomy 16. Those mostly occur between 8 and 15 weeks after the last menstrual period.It is not possible for a child to be born alive with an extra copy of this chromosome present in all cells (full trisomy 16). It is possible, however, for a child to be born alive with the mosaic form.
The 1975 Chico State Wildcats football team represented Chico State University during the 1975 NCAA Division II football season. Chico State competed in the Far Western Conference in 1975.
The 1975 Wildcats were led by second-year head coach Dick Trimmer. They played home games at University Stadium in Chico, California. Chico State finished the season with a record of four wins and six losses (4–6, 2–3 FWC). The Wildcats were outscored by their opponents 118–295 for the season.
Zhang Xuelong (born 3 January 1988) is a Paralympian athlete from China competing mainly in category F37 throwing events.Zhang won a silver medal in the F37/38 javelin at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in his home country of China he also competed in the F37/38 discus.
This is a list of defunct Philippine Basketball Association teams, both regular and guest.
Hoʻohokukalani is a Hawaiian goddess, mentioned in the ancient chants. She is described as a beautiful woman, who became a consort to her own father. Her full name is given as Kahoʻohokuokalani-i-kau-i-kaheahea ("She who sets the stars in heaven and adorns the celestial regions").
Joseph H. Gottschalk (December 16, 1950 – June 21, 2003) was a resident of San Antonio, Texas who gained international notoriety in 2003 through his preference for riding his bicycle clad only in a thong.  After numerous interviews, a parade, and at least one arrest, his life ended in suicide at Big Bend National Park.
Brian Albert Gordon Auger (born 18 July 1939) is an English jazz rock and rock music keyboardist who specialises in the Hammond organ.Auger has worked with Rod Stewart, Tony Williams, Jimi Hendrix, John McLaughlin, Sonny Boy Williamson, and Eric Burdon. He incorporated jazz, early British pop, R&B, soul music, and rock into his sound. He has been nominated for a Grammy Award.
Ciarán Ó Con Cheanainn (12 July 1981 – 4 February 2009) Irish scholar, teacher and youngest winner of the Corn Uí Riada.
Ó Con Cheanainn was born in Galway. He was the youngest winner of the prestigious sean nós Corn Uí Riada singing competition at Oireachtas na Gaeilge, an annually held arts festival of Irish culture.
He studied at NUI Galway, graduating in 2002 with first class honours in Irish and geography. In 2003 he was awarded an MA at UCD having completed his thesis, "Gnéithe de Sheachadadh na nAmhrán Traidisiúnta sa Ghaeilge." The following year he completed his thesis "Clár Amhrán Chois Fharraige", securing an M Litt in Modern Irish.
The National University of Ireland in 2004 awarded him a travelling studentship in Celtic Studies, and he spent two years at Edinburgh University’s school of Scottish studies. A regular competitor at Oireachtas na Gaeilge and Fleadh Ceoil na hÉireann, he won many prizes. He represented Ireland at the International Pan-Celtic Festival in 1999 and 2000, taking first prize on both occasions.
He was a member of the committee of An Cumann le Béaloideas Éireann, and served on the board of Comhar for six years. His published work includes entries for The Encyclopaedia of Music in Ireland and Leabhar Mór na hAmhrán (both forthcoming), and articles and reviews for the Journal of Music in Ireland. He made a number of recordings of his singing, and had recently participated in the Cumann Merriman winter school.
Ciarán had recently been appointed to a lectureship in Modern Irish at UCD, and was looking forward to the completion of his doctoral thesis and the publication of two substantial books on the singing tradition of his native Conamara. Ciarán died suddenly on 4 February 2009 at 27 years of age.
The Russian military intervention in the Syrian civil war began in September 2015, after an official request by the Syrian government for military aid against rebel groups. The intervention initially involved air strikes by Russian aircraft deployed to the Khmeimim base against targets primarily in north-western Syria, and against Syrian opposition militant groups opposed to the Syrian government, including the Syrian National Coalition, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), al-Nusra Front (al-Qaeda in Syria) and the Army of Conquest. In addition, Russian special operations forces and military advisors are deployed to Syria. Prior to the intervention, Russian involvement in the Syrian Civil War had mainly consisted of supplying the Syrian Army with arms and equipment. At the end of December 2017, the Russian government announced its troops would be deployed to Syria permanently.Shortly after the operation began, Russian officials were cited as saying that, apart from fighting terrorist organisations such as the Islamic State, Russia′s goals include helping the Syrian government retake territory from various anti-government groups that are labelled by the United States and the American-led intervention in Syria as ″moderate opposition″, with a broader geopolitical objective being to roll back U.S. influence. In a televised interview in October 2015, Russian president Vladimir Putin said the military operation had been thoroughly prepared in advance; he defined Russia′s goal in Syria as "stabilising the legitimate power in Syria and creating the conditions for political compromise".By the end of 2017, the intervention produced significant gains for the Syrian government, including the recapture of Palmyra from the Islamic State in March 2016, retaking the major city of Aleppo in December 2016, and breaking the three-year-long siege of Deir ez-Zor and securing control over that city in November 2017. In early January 2017, the Chief of the General Staff of the Russian Armed Forces Valery Gerasimov said that, overall, the Russian Air Force had carried out 19,160 combat missions and delivered 71,000 strikes on "the infrastructure of terrorists". At the end of December 2017, the Russian defence minister said that the Russian military had eliminated several thousand terrorists while 48,000 Russian service-members had ″gained combat experience″ during the Russian operation in Syria.The UK-based pro-opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) stated that between the initiation of the intervention in September 2015 and end of February 2016, Russian air strikes killed at least 1,700 civilians, including more than 200 children. The Syrian Network for Human Rights (SNHR) and the Violations Documentation Centre (VDC) put the number higher, at over 2,000; SNHR's report stated that Russian attacks have killed more civilians than either the Islamic State or the Syrian Army. Weapons used included unguided bombs, cluster bombs, incendiaries similar to white phosphorus and thermobaric weapons. By the end of September 2017, the SOHR stated that Russian airstrikes killed around 5,703 civilians, about a quarter of them children, along with 4,258 ISIL fighters and 3,893 militants from the al-Nusra Front and other rebel forces.The intervention polarized governments on predictable lines. Countries with close diplomatic and economic ties to Russia, including China, Egypt, Iraq and Belarus, have generally supported the intervention; reactions of governments close to the US were usually contrary, with many governments denouncing Russia for its role in the war and highlighting its complicity in the Syrian regime's reported war crimes. Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have stated that Russia is committing war crimes and deliberately targeting civilians, the United States government has condemned the intervention and imposed economic sanctions against Russia for supporting the Syrian government, and officials at the United Nations have condemned the Russian intervention and said Russia was committing war crimes. Russian authorities have dismissed the negative statements as false and politically motivated,
and its critics accusations of committing "barbarism", thereby eliciting even stronger condemnation from governments which support the rebel groups.
